Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (inevitability)  of the blizzard of 1888. 
Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (ferocity)  of the blizzard of 1888. 
Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (importance)  of the blizzard of 1888. 
Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (probability)  of the blizzard of 1888. 
Even though formidable winters are the norm in the Dakotas, many people were unprepared for the  (mildness)  of the blizzard of 1888. 

As the first streamlined car, the Airflow represented a  (milestone)  in automotive development, and although its sales were  (disappointing) , it had an immense influence on automobile design. 
As the first streamlined car, the Airflow represented a  (breakthrough)  in automotive development, and although its sales were  (significant) , it had an immense influence on automobile design. 
As the first streamlined car, the Airflow represented a  (regression)  in automotive development, and although its sales were  (unimportant) , it had an immense influence on automobile design. 
As the first streamlined car, the Airflow represented a  (misjudgment)  in automotive development, and although its sales were  (calculable) , it had an immense influence on automobile design. 
As the first streamlined car, the Airflow represented a  (revolution)  in automotive development, and although its sales were  (tolerable) , it had an immense influence on automobile design. 

While nurturing parents can compensate for adversity, cold or inconsistent parents may  (exacerbate)  it. 
While nurturing parents can compensate for adversity, cold or inconsistent parents may  (neutralize)  it. 
While nurturing parents can compensate for adversity, cold or inconsistent parents may  (eradicate)  it. 
While nurturing parents can compensate for adversity, cold or inconsistent parents may  (ameliorate)  it. 
While nurturing parents can compensate for adversity, cold or inconsistent parents may  (relieve)  it. 

The architects of New York's early skyscrapers, hinting here at a twelfth-century cathedral, there at a fifteenth-century palace, sought to legitimize the city's social strivings by  (revealing)  a history the city did not truly  (deserve) . 
The architects of New York's early skyscrapers, hinting here at a twelfth-century cathedral, there at a fifteenth-century palace, sought to legitimize the city's social strivings by  (displaying)  a history the city did not truly  (desire) . 
The architects of New York's early skyscrapers, hinting here at a twelfth-century cathedral, there at a fifteenth-century palace, sought to legitimize the city's social strivings by  (evoking)  a history the city did not truly  (possess) . 
The architects of New York's early skyscrapers, hinting here at a twelfth-century cathedral, there at a fifteenth-century palace, sought to legitimize the city's social strivings by  (preserving)  a history the city did not truly  (experience) . 
The architects of New York's early skyscrapers, hinting here at a twelfth-century cathedral, there at a fifteenth-century palace, sought to legitimize the city's social strivings by  (flouting)  a history the city did not truly  (believe) . 

Actual events in the history of life on Earth are accidental in that any outcome embodies just one  (coincidence)  among millions; yet each outcome can be  (randomly)  interpreted. 
Actual events in the history of life on Earth are accidental in that any outcome embodies just one  (relationship)  among millions; yet each outcome can be  (predictably)  interpreted. 
Actual events in the history of life on Earth are accidental in that any outcome embodies just one  (fact)  among millions; yet each outcome can be  (readily)  interpreted. 
Actual events in the history of life on Earth are accidental in that any outcome embodies just one  (happening)  among millions; yet each outcome can be  (uniquely)  interpreted. 
Actual events in the history of life on Earth are accidental in that any outcome embodies just one  (possibility)  among millions; yet each outcome can be  (rationally)  interpreted. 

Although some of her fellow scientists  (ignored)  the unorthodox laboratory methodology that others found innovative, unanimous praise greeted her experimental results: at once pioneering and  (untrustworthy) . 
Although some of her fellow scientists  (complimented)  the unorthodox laboratory methodology that others found innovative, unanimous praise greeted her experimental results: at once pioneering and  (foreseeable) . 
Although some of her fellow scientists  (welcomed)  the unorthodox laboratory methodology that others found innovative, unanimous praise greeted her experimental results: at once pioneering and  (mundane) . 
Although some of her fellow scientists  (decried)  the unorthodox laboratory methodology that others found innovative, unanimous praise greeted her experimental results: at once pioneering and  (unexceptionable) . 
Although some of her fellow scientists  (attacked)  the unorthodox laboratory methodology that others found innovative, unanimous praise greeted her experimental results: at once pioneering and  (inconclusive) . 

Early critics of Emily Dickinson's poetry mistook for simplemindedness the surface of artlessness that in fact she constructed with such  (astonishment) . 
Early critics of Emily Dickinson's poetry mistook for simplemindedness the surface of artlessness that in fact she constructed with such  (vexation) . 
Early critics of Emily Dickinson's poetry mistook for simplemindedness the surface of artlessness that in fact she constructed with such  (allusion) . 
Early critics of Emily Dickinson's poetry mistook for simplemindedness the surface of artlessness that in fact she constructed with such  (innocence) . 
Early critics of Emily Dickinson's poetry mistook for simplemindedness the surface of artlessness that in fact she constructed with such  (cunning) . 

This project is the first step in a long-range plan of research whose  (cooperative)  goal, still many years off, is the creation of a new prototype. 
This project is the first step in a long-range plan of research whose  (reasoned)  goal, still many years off, is the creation of a new prototype. 
This project is the first step in a long-range plan of research whose  (original)  goal, still many years off, is the creation of a new prototype. 
This project is the first step in a long-range plan of research whose  (ultimate)  goal, still many years off, is the creation of a new prototype. 
This project is the first step in a long-range plan of research whose  (intentional)  goal, still many years off, is the creation of a new prototype. 

Eric was frustrated because, although he was adept at making lies sound  (plausible) , when telling the truth, he  (lacked)  the power to make himself believed. 
Eric was frustrated because, although he was adept at making lies sound  (convincing) , when telling the truth, he  (held)  the power to make himself believed. 
Eric was frustrated because, although he was adept at making lies sound  (honest) , when telling the truth, he  (found)  the power to make himself believed. 
Eric was frustrated because, although he was adept at making lies sound  (true) , when telling the truth, he  (acquired)  the power to make himself believed. 
Eric was frustrated because, although he was adept at making lies sound  (logical) , when telling the truth, he  (claimed)  the power to make himself believed. 

In certain forms of discourse such as the parable, the central point of a message can be effectively communicated even though this point is not  (preferred) . 
In certain forms of discourse such as the parable, the central point of a message can be effectively communicated even though this point is not  (explicit) . 
In certain forms of discourse such as the parable, the central point of a message can be effectively communicated even though this point is not  (inferable) . 
In certain forms of discourse such as the parable, the central point of a message can be effectively communicated even though this point is not  (discerned) . 
In certain forms of discourse such as the parable, the central point of a message can be effectively communicated even though this point is not  (illustrated) . 

Always circumspect, she was reluctant to make judgments, but once arriving at a conclusion, she was  (nonplussed)  in its defense. 
Always circumspect, she was reluctant to make judgments, but once arriving at a conclusion, she was  (obsequious)  in its defense. 
Always circumspect, she was reluctant to make judgments, but once arriving at a conclusion, she was  (intransigent)  in its defense. 
Always circumspect, she was reluctant to make judgments, but once arriving at a conclusion, she was  (deferential)  in its defense. 
Always circumspect, she was reluctant to make judgments, but once arriving at a conclusion, she was  (negligent)  in its defense. 

The techniques now available to livestock breeders will continue to be  (fruitful) , but will probably be  (reversed)  by new ones under development. 
The techniques now available to livestock breeders will continue to be  (refined) , but will probably be  (upgraded)  by new ones under development. 
The techniques now available to livestock breeders will continue to be  (inconvenient) , but will probably be  (reassessed)  by new ones under development. 
The techniques now available to livestock breeders will continue to be  (used) , but will probably be  (supplemented)  by new ones under development. 
The techniques now available to livestock breeders will continue to be  (harmless) , but will probably be  (improved)  by new ones under development. 

Any population increase beyond a certain level necessitates greater  (reliance on)  vegetable foods; thus, the ability of a society to choose meat over cereals always arises, in part, from  (replenishing)  the number of people. 
Any population increase beyond a certain level necessitates greater  (production of)  vegetable foods; thus, the ability of a society to choose meat over cereals always arises, in part, from  (estimating)  the number of people. 
Any population increase beyond a certain level necessitates greater  (spending on)  vegetable foods; thus, the ability of a society to choose meat over cereals always arises, in part, from  (concealing)  the number of people. 
Any population increase beyond a certain level necessitates greater  (recourse to)  vegetable foods; thus, the ability of a society to choose meat over cereals always arises, in part, from  (limiting)  the number of people. 
Any population increase beyond a certain level necessitates greater  (attention to)  vegetable foods; thus, the ability of a society to choose meat over cereals always arises, in part, from  (varying)  the number of people. 

Ethologists are convinced that many animals survive through learning - but learning that is  (superseded by)  their genetic programming, learning as thoroughly  (primitive)  as the most instinctive of behavioral responses. 
Ethologists are convinced that many animals survive through learning - but learning that is  (compatible with)  their genetic programming, learning as thoroughly  (transient)  as the most instinctive of behavioral responses. 
Ethologists are convinced that many animals survive through learning - but learning that is  (complementary to)  their genetic programming, learning as thoroughly  (familiar)  as the most instinctive of behavioral responses. 
Ethologists are convinced that many animals survive through learning - but learning that is  (derived from)  their genetic programming, learning as thoroughly  (inventive)  as the most instinctive of behavioral responses. 
Ethologists are convinced that many animals survive through learning - but learning that is  (dictated by)  their genetic programming, learning as thoroughly  (stereotyped)  as the most instinctive of behavioral responses. 

Nonviolent demonstrations often create such tensions that a community that has constantly refused to  (acknowledge)  its injustices is forced to correct them: the injustices can no longer be  (ignored)  
Nonviolent demonstrations often create such tensions that a community that has constantly refused to  (decrease)  its injustices is forced to correct them: the injustices can no longer be  (verified)  
Nonviolent demonstrations often create such tensions that a community that has constantly refused to  (tolerate)  its injustices is forced to correct them: the injustices can no longer be  (accepted)  
Nonviolent demonstrations often create such tensions that a community that has constantly refused to  (address)  its injustices is forced to correct them: the injustices can no longer be  (eliminated)  
Nonviolent demonstrations often create such tensions that a community that has constantly refused to  (explain)  its injustices is forced to correct them: the injustices can no longer be  (discussed)  

Since 1813 reaction to Jane Austen's novels has oscillated between  (dismissal)  and condescension; but in general later writers have esteemed her works more highly than did most of her literary  (admirers) 
Since 1813 reaction to Jane Austen's novels has oscillated between  (adoration)  and condescension; but in general later writers have esteemed her works more highly than did most of her literary  (contemporaries) 
Since 1813 reaction to Jane Austen's novels has oscillated between  (disapproval)  and condescension; but in general later writers have esteemed her works more highly than did most of her literary  (readers) 
Since 1813 reaction to Jane Austen's novels has oscillated between  (indifference)  and condescension; but in general later writers have esteemed her works more highly than did most of her literary  (followers) 
Since 1813 reaction to Jane Austen's novels has oscillated between  (approbation)  and condescension; but in general later writers have esteemed her works more highly than did most of her literary  (precursors) 

There are, as yet, no vegetation types or ecosystems whose study has been (perfected)  to the extent that they no longer  (hinder)  ecologists. 
There are, as yet, no vegetation types or ecosystems whose study has been (exhausted)  to the extent that they no longer  (interest)  ecologists. 
There are, as yet, no vegetation types or ecosystems whose study has been (prolonged)  to the extent that they no longer  (require)  ecologists. 
There are, as yet, no vegetation types or ecosystems whose study has been (prevented)  to the extent that they no longer  (challenge)  ecologists. 
There are, as yet, no vegetation types or ecosystems whose study has been (delayed)  to the extent that they no longer  (benefit)  ecologists. 

Under ethical guidelines recently adopted by the National Institutes of Health, human genes are to be manipulated only to correct diseases for which  (similar)  treatments are unsatisfactory. 
Under ethical guidelines recently adopted by the National Institutes of Health, human genes are to be manipulated only to correct diseases for which  (most)  treatments are unsatisfactory. 
Under ethical guidelines recently adopted by the National Institutes of Health, human genes are to be manipulated only to correct diseases for which  (dangerous)  treatments are unsatisfactory. 
Under ethical guidelines recently adopted by the National Institutes of Health, human genes are to be manipulated only to correct diseases for which  (uncommon)  treatments are unsatisfactory. 
Under ethical guidelines recently adopted by the National Institutes of Health, human genes are to be manipulated only to correct diseases for which  (alternative)  treatments are unsatisfactory. 

It was her view that the country's problems had been  (foreseen)  by foreign technocrats, so that to invite them to come back would be counterproductive. 
It was her view that the country's problems had been  (attacked)  by foreign technocrats, so that to invite them to come back would be counterproductive. 
It was her view that the country's problems had been  (ascertained)  by foreign technocrats, so that to invite them to come back would be counterproductive. 
It was her view that the country's problems had been  (exacerbated)  by foreign technocrats, so that to invite them to come back would be counterproductive. 
It was her view that the country's problems had been  (analyzed)  by foreign technocrats, so that to invite them to come back would be counterproductive. 

Winsor McCay, the cartoonist, could draw with incredible  (sincerity) : his comic strip about Little Nemo was characterized by marvelous draftsmanship and sequencing. 
Winsor McCay, the cartoonist, could draw with incredible  (efficiency) : his comic strip about Little Nemo was characterized by marvelous draftsmanship and sequencing. 
Winsor McCay, the cartoonist, could draw with incredible  (virtuosity) : his comic strip about Little Nemo was characterized by marvelous draftsmanship and sequencing. 
Winsor McCay, the cartoonist, could draw with incredible  (rapidity) : his comic strip about Little Nemo was characterized by marvelous draftsmanship and sequencing. 
Winsor McCay, the cartoonist, could draw with incredible  (energy) : his comic strip about Little Nemo was characterized by marvelous draftsmanship and sequencing. 

The actual  (outcome)  of Wilson's position was always  (foreshadowed)  by his refusal to compromise after having initially agreed to negotiate a settlement. 
The actual  (logic)  of Wilson's position was always  (enhanced)  by his refusal to compromise after having initially agreed to negotiate a settlement. 
The actual  (rigidity)  of Wilson's position was always  (betrayed)  by his refusal to compromise after having initially agreed to negotiate a settlement. 
The actual  (uncertainty)  of Wilson's position was always  (alleviated)  by his refusal to compromise after having initially agreed to negotiate a settlement. 
The actual  (cowardice)  of Wilson's position was always  (highlighted)  by his refusal to compromise after having initially agreed to negotiate a settlement. 

The senator's reputation, though  (shaken)  by false allegations of misconduct, emerged from the ordeal  (unscathed)  
The senator's reputation, though  (destroyed)  by false allegations of misconduct, emerged from the ordeal  (intact)  
The senator's reputation, though  (damaged)  by false allegations of misconduct, emerged from the ordeal  (impaired)  
The senator's reputation, though  (impugned)  by false allegations of misconduct, emerged from the ordeal  (unclear)  
The senator's reputation, though  (tarnished)  by false allegations of misconduct, emerged from the ordeal  (sullied)  

This poetry is not  (familiar) ; it is more likely to appeal to an international audience than is poetry with strictly regional themes. 
This poetry is not  (democratic) ; it is more likely to appeal to an international audience than is poetry with strictly regional themes. 
This poetry is not  (technical) ; it is more likely to appeal to an international audience than is poetry with strictly regional themes. 
This poetry is not  (complex) ; it is more likely to appeal to an international audience than is poetry with strictly regional themes. 
This poetry is not  (provincial) ; it is more likely to appeal to an international audience than is poetry with strictly regional themes. 

Experienced employers recognize that business students who can  (discredit)  different points of view are ultimately more effective as managers than are the brilliant and original students who  (revert)  dogmatically to their own formulations. 
Experienced employers recognize that business students who can  (assimilate)  different points of view are ultimately more effective as managers than are the brilliant and original students who  (adhere)  dogmatically to their own formulations. 
Experienced employers recognize that business students who can  (impose)  different points of view are ultimately more effective as managers than are the brilliant and original students who  (refer)  dogmatically to their own formulations. 
Experienced employers recognize that business students who can  (disregard)  different points of view are ultimately more effective as managers than are the brilliant and original students who  (incline)  dogmatically to their own formulations. 
Experienced employers recognize that business students who can  (advocate)  different points of view are ultimately more effective as managers than are the brilliant and original students who  (relate)  dogmatically to their own formulations. 

Poe's  (thorough)  reviews of contemporary fiction, which often find great merit in otherwise  (completed)  literary gems, must make us respect his critical judgment in addition to his well-known literary talent. 
Poe's  (petulant)  reviews of contemporary fiction, which often find great merit in otherwise  (unpopular)  literary gems, must make us respect his critical judgment in addition to his well-known literary talent. 
Poe's  (insightful)  reviews of contemporary fiction, which often find great merit in otherwise  (unappreciated)  literary gems, must make us respect his critical judgment in addition to his well-known literary talent. 
Poe's  (enthusiastic)  reviews of contemporary fiction, which often find great merit in otherwise  (acclaimed)  literary gems, must make us respect his critical judgment in addition to his well-known literary talent. 
Poe's  (harsh)  reviews of contemporary fiction, which often find great merit in otherwise  (undeserving)  literary gems, must make us respect his critical judgment in addition to his well-known literary talent. 

The theory of cosmic evolution states that the universe, having begun in a state of simplicity and  (equilibrium) , has  (modulated)  into great variety. 
The theory of cosmic evolution states that the universe, having begun in a state of simplicity and  (homogeneity) , has  (differentiated)  into great variety. 
The theory of cosmic evolution states that the universe, having begun in a state of simplicity and  (contrast) , has  (metamorphosed)  into great variety. 
The theory of cosmic evolution states that the universe, having begun in a state of simplicity and  (proportion) , has  (accelerated)  into great variety. 
The theory of cosmic evolution states that the universe, having begun in a state of simplicity and  (intelligibility) , has  (developed)  into great variety. 

Not wishing to appear  (reluctant) , the junior member of the research group refrained from  (evaluating)  any criticism of the senior members' plan for dividing up responsibility for the entire project. 
Not wishing to appear  (inquisitive) , the junior member of the research group refrained from  (offering)  any criticism of the senior members' plan for dividing up responsibility for the entire project. 
Not wishing to appear  (presumptuous) , the junior member of the research group refrained from  (venturing)  any criticism of the senior members' plan for dividing up responsibility for the entire project. 
Not wishing to appear  (censorious) , the junior member of the research group refrained from  (undercutting)  any criticism of the senior members' plan for dividing up responsibility for the entire project. 
Not wishing to appear  (moralistic) , the junior member of the research group refrained from  (observing)  any criticism of the senior members' plan for dividing up responsibility for the entire project. 

The Chinese, who began systematic astronomical and weather observations shortly after the ancient Egyptians, were assiduous record-keepers, and because of this, can claim humanity's longest continuous  (defiance)  of natural events. 
The Chinese, who began systematic astronomical and weather observations shortly after the ancient Egyptians, were assiduous record-keepers, and because of this, can claim humanity's longest continuous  (documentation)  of natural events. 
The Chinese, who began systematic astronomical and weather observations shortly after the ancient Egyptians, were assiduous record-keepers, and because of this, can claim humanity's longest continuous  (maintenance)  of natural events. 
The Chinese, who began systematic astronomical and weather observations shortly after the ancient Egyptians, were assiduous record-keepers, and because of this, can claim humanity's longest continuous  (theory)  of natural events. 
The Chinese, who began systematic astronomical and weather observations shortly after the ancient Egyptians, were assiduous record-keepers, and because of this, can claim humanity's longest continuous  (domination)  of natural events. 

Because many of the minerals found on the ocean floor are still  (scarce)  on land, where mining is relatively inexpensive, mining the ocean floor has yet to become a  (common)  enterprise. 
Because many of the minerals found on the ocean floor are still  (accessible)  on land, where mining is relatively inexpensive, mining the ocean floor has yet to become a  (marginal)  enterprise. 
Because many of the minerals found on the ocean floor are still  (unidentified)  on land, where mining is relatively inexpensive, mining the ocean floor has yet to become a  (subsidized)  enterprise. 
Because many of the minerals found on the ocean floor are still  (conserved)  on land, where mining is relatively inexpensive, mining the ocean floor has yet to become a  (public)  enterprise. 
Because many of the minerals found on the ocean floor are still  (plentiful)  on land, where mining is relatively inexpensive, mining the ocean floor has yet to become a  (profitable)  enterprise. 

The valedictory address, as it has developed in American colleges and universities over the years, has become a very strict form, a literary  (text)  that permits very little (clarity) . 
The valedictory address, as it has developed in American colleges and universities over the years, has become a very strict form, a literary  (work)  that permits very little (tradition) . 
The valedictory address, as it has developed in American colleges and universities over the years, has become a very strict form, a literary  (genre)  that permits very little (deviation) . 
The valedictory address, as it has developed in American colleges and universities over the years, has become a very strict form, a literary  (oration)  that permits very little (grandiloquence) . 
The valedictory address, as it has developed in American colleges and universities over the years, has become a very strict form, a literary  (achievement)  that permits very little (rigidity) . 

A human being is quite  (a logical)  creature, for the gloss of rationality that covers his or her fears and  (problems)  is thin and often easily breached. 
A human being is quite  (a frail)  creature, for the gloss of rationality that covers his or her fears and  (insecurity)  is thin and often easily breached. 
A human being is quite  (a valiant)  creature, for the gloss of rationality that covers his or her fears and  (phobias)  is thin and often easily breached. 
A human being is quite  (an ambitious)  creature, for the gloss of rationality that covers his or her fears and  (morality)  is thin and often easily breached. 
A human being is quite  (a ludicrous)  creature, for the gloss of rationality that covers his or her fears and  (laughter)  is thin and often easily breached. 

Although the passage of years has softened the initially hostile reaction to his poetry, even now only a few independent observers  (praise)  his works. 
Although the passage of years has softened the initially hostile reaction to his poetry, even now only a few independent observers  (revile)  his works. 
Although the passage of years has softened the initially hostile reaction to his poetry, even now only a few independent observers  (scrutinize)  his works. 
Although the passage of years has softened the initially hostile reaction to his poetry, even now only a few independent observers  (criticize)  his works. 
Although the passage of years has softened the initially hostile reaction to his poetry, even now only a few independent observers  (neglect)  his works. 

Unlike philosophers who constructed theoretically ideal states, she built a theory based on  (reality) ; thus, although her constructs may have been inelegant, they were  (aesthetically)  sound. 
Unlike philosophers who constructed theoretically ideal states, she built a theory based on  (intuition) ; thus, although her constructs may have been inelegant, they were  (intellectually)  sound. 
Unlike philosophers who constructed theoretically ideal states, she built a theory based on  (surmise) ; thus, although her constructs may have been inelegant, they were  (scientifically)  sound. 
Unlike philosophers who constructed theoretically ideal states, she built a theory based on  (experience) ; thus, although her constructs may have been inelegant, they were  (empirically)  sound. 
Unlike philosophers who constructed theoretically ideal states, she built a theory based on  (conjecture) ; thus, although her constructs may have been inelegant, they were  (factually)  sound. 

Once a duckling has identified a parent, the instinctive bond becomes a powerful  (impulse)  for additional learning since, by  (surpassing)  the parent, the duckling can acquire further information that is not genetically transmitted. 
Once a duckling has identified a parent, the instinctive bond becomes a powerful  (referent)  for additional learning since, by  (recognizing)  the parent, the duckling can acquire further information that is not genetically transmitted. 
Once a duckling has identified a parent, the instinctive bond becomes a powerful  (force)  for additional learning since, by  (acknowledging)  the parent, the duckling can acquire further information that is not genetically transmitted. 
Once a duckling has identified a parent, the instinctive bond becomes a powerful  (inspiration)  for additional learning since, by  (emulating)  the parent, the duckling can acquire further information that is not genetically transmitted. 
Once a duckling has identified a parent, the instinctive bond becomes a powerful  (channel)  for additional learning since, by  (mimicking)  the parent, the duckling can acquire further information that is not genetically transmitted. 

Nearly two-thirds of the country's mushroom crop is produced by 160 growers in a single county, the greatest  (cause of)  growers anywhere. 
Nearly two-thirds of the country's mushroom crop is produced by 160 growers in a single county, the greatest  (agreement among)  growers anywhere. 
Nearly two-thirds of the country's mushroom crop is produced by 160 growers in a single county, the greatest  (indication of)  growers anywhere. 
Nearly two-thirds of the country's mushroom crop is produced by 160 growers in a single county, the greatest  (interaction between)  growers anywhere. 
Nearly two-thirds of the country's mushroom crop is produced by 160 growers in a single county, the greatest  (concentration of)  growers anywhere. 

The disjunction between educational objectives that stress independence and individuality and those that emphasize obedience to rules and cooperation with others reflects a  (conflict)  that arises from the values on which these objectives are based. 
The disjunction between educational objectives that stress independence and individuality and those that emphasize obedience to rules and cooperation with others reflects a  (redundancy)  that arises from the values on which these objectives are based. 
The disjunction between educational objectives that stress independence and individuality and those that emphasize obedience to rules and cooperation with others reflects a  (gain)  that arises from the values on which these objectives are based. 
The disjunction between educational objectives that stress independence and individuality and those that emphasize obedience to rules and cooperation with others reflects a  (predictability)  that arises from the values on which these objectives are based. 
The disjunction between educational objectives that stress independence and individuality and those that emphasize obedience to rules and cooperation with others reflects a  (wisdom)  that arises from the values on which these objectives are based. 

It is  (folly)  for a government to fail to do whatever it can to eliminate a totally  (innocuous)  disease. 
It is  (irresponsible)  for a government to fail to do whatever it can to eliminate a totally  (preventable)  disease. 
It is  (crucial)  for a government to fail to do whatever it can to eliminate a totally  (fatal)  disease. 
It is  (instinctive)  for a government to fail to do whatever it can to eliminate a totally  (devastating)  disease. 
It is  (detrimental)  for a government to fail to do whatever it can to eliminate a totally  (insignificant)  disease. 

Dramatic literature often  (confounds)  the history of a culture in that it takes as its subject matter the important events that have shaped and guided the culture. 
Dramatic literature often  (repudiates)  the history of a culture in that it takes as its subject matter the important events that have shaped and guided the culture. 
Dramatic literature often  (recapitulates)  the history of a culture in that it takes as its subject matter the important events that have shaped and guided the culture. 
Dramatic literature often  (anticipates)  the history of a culture in that it takes as its subject matter the important events that have shaped and guided the culture. 
Dramatic literature often  (polarizes)  the history of a culture in that it takes as its subject matter the important events that have shaped and guided the culture. 

The legislators of 1563 realized the  (intricacy)  of trying to regulate the flow of labor without securing its reasonable remuneration, and so the second part of the statute dealt with establishing wages. 
The legislators of 1563 realized the  (anxiety)  of trying to regulate the flow of labor without securing its reasonable remuneration, and so the second part of the statute dealt with establishing wages. 
The legislators of 1563 realized the  (futility)  of trying to regulate the flow of labor without securing its reasonable remuneration, and so the second part of the statute dealt with establishing wages. 
The legislators of 1563 realized the  (necessity)  of trying to regulate the flow of labor without securing its reasonable remuneration, and so the second part of the statute dealt with establishing wages. 
The legislators of 1563 realized the  (decadence)  of trying to regulate the flow of labor without securing its reasonable remuneration, and so the second part of the statute dealt with establishing wages. 

Scientists who are on the cutting edge of research must often violate common sense and make seemingly  (radical)  assumptions because existing theories simply do not  (confirm)  newly observed phenomena. 
Scientists who are on the cutting edge of research must often violate common sense and make seemingly  (vague)  assumptions because existing theories simply do not  (incorporate)  newly observed phenomena. 
Scientists who are on the cutting edge of research must often violate common sense and make seemingly  (absurd)  assumptions because existing theories simply do not  (explain)  newly observed phenomena. 
Scientists who are on the cutting edge of research must often violate common sense and make seemingly  (mistaken)  assumptions because existing theories simply do not  (reveal)  newly observed phenomena. 
Scientists who are on the cutting edge of research must often violate common sense and make seemingly  (inexact)  assumptions because existing theories simply do not  (corroborate)  newly observed phenomena. 

The  (deference)  with which the French aristocracy greeted the middle-class Rousseau was all the more  (remarkable)  because he showed so little respect for them. 
The  (suspicion)  with which the French aristocracy greeted the middle-class Rousseau was all the more  (uncanny)  because he showed so little respect for them. 
The  (reserve)  with which the French aristocracy greeted the middle-class Rousseau was all the more  (unexpected)  because he showed so little respect for them. 
The  (anger)  with which the French aristocracy greeted the middle-class Rousseau was all the more  (ironic)  because he showed so little respect for them. 
The  (appreciation)  with which the French aristocracy greeted the middle-class Rousseau was all the more  (deserved)  because he showed so little respect for them. 

Because they had expected the spacecraft Voyager 2 to be able to gather data only about the planets Jupiter and Saturn, scientists were  (disappointed in)  the wealth of information it sent back from Neptune twelve years after leaving Earth. 
Because they had expected the spacecraft Voyager 2 to be able to gather data only about the planets Jupiter and Saturn, scientists were  (concerned about)  the wealth of information it sent back from Neptune twelve years after leaving Earth. 
Because they had expected the spacecraft Voyager 2 to be able to gather data only about the planets Jupiter and Saturn, scientists were  (confident in)  the wealth of information it sent back from Neptune twelve years after leaving Earth. 
Because they had expected the spacecraft Voyager 2 to be able to gather data only about the planets Jupiter and Saturn, scientists were  (elated by)  the wealth of information it sent back from Neptune twelve years after leaving Earth. 
Because they had expected the spacecraft Voyager 2 to be able to gather data only about the planets Jupiter and Saturn, scientists were  (anxious for)  the wealth of information it sent back from Neptune twelve years after leaving Earth. 

Wearing the latest fashions was exclusively the  (aspiration)  of the wealthy until the 1850's, when mass production, aggressive entrepreneurs, and the availability of the sewing machine made them  (disagreeable to)  the middle class. 
Wearing the latest fashions was exclusively the  (vexation)  of the wealthy until the 1850's, when mass production, aggressive entrepreneurs, and the availability of the sewing machine made them  (superfluous for)  the middle class. 
Wearing the latest fashions was exclusively the  (bane)  of the wealthy until the 1850's, when mass production, aggressive entrepreneurs, and the availability of the sewing machine made them  (profitable to)  the middle class. 
Wearing the latest fashions was exclusively the  (prerogative)  of the wealthy until the 1850's, when mass production, aggressive entrepreneurs, and the availability of the sewing machine made them  (accessible to)  the middle class. 
Wearing the latest fashions was exclusively the  (obligation)  of the wealthy until the 1850's, when mass production, aggressive entrepreneurs, and the availability of the sewing machine made them  (popular with)  the middle class. 

Linguists have now confirmed what experienced users of is a grammatically  (limited)  language in that it is capable of expressing every possible syntactic relation. 
Linguists have now confirmed what experienced users of is a grammatically  (economical)  language in that it is capable of expressing every possible syntactic relation. 
Linguists have now confirmed what experienced users of is a grammatically  (complete)  language in that it is capable of expressing every possible syntactic relation. 
Linguists have now confirmed what experienced users of is a grammatically  (shifting)  language in that it is capable of expressing every possible syntactic relation. 
Linguists have now confirmed what experienced users of is a grammatically  (abstract)  language in that it is capable of expressing every possible syntactic relation. 

He was regarded by his followers, as something of  (a martinet) , not only because of his insistence on strict discipline, but also because of his  (rigid)  adherence to formal details. 
He was regarded by his followers, as something of  (an authority) , not only because of his insistence on strict discipline, but also because of his  (sporadic)  adherence to formal details. 
He was regarded by his followers, as something of  (a tyrant) , not only because of his insistence on strict discipline, but also because of his  (reluctant)  adherence to formal details. 
He was regarded by his followers, as something of  (a fraud) , not only because of his insistence on strict discipline, but also because of his  (conscientious)  adherence to formal details. 
He was regarded by his followers, as something of  (an acolyte) , not only because of his insistence on strict discipline, but also because of his  (maniacal)  adherence to formal details. 

The influence of the Titnaeus among early philosophical thinkers was  (pervasive) , if only because it was the sole dialogue  (available)  in Europe for almost 1,000 years. 
The influence of the Titnaeus among early philosophical thinkers was  (inestimable) , if only because it was the sole dialogue  (suppressed)  in Europe for almost 1,000 years. 
The influence of the Titnaeus among early philosophical thinkers was  (unnoteworthy) , if only because it was the sole dialogue  (abridged)  in Europe for almost 1,000 years. 
The influence of the Titnaeus among early philosophical thinkers was  (underestimated) , if only because it was the sole dialogue  (studied)  in Europe for almost 1,000 years. 
The influence of the Titnaeus among early philosophical thinkers was  (circumscribed) , if only because it was the sole dialogue  (translated)  in Europe for almost 1,000 years. 

The Gibsons were little given to  (humility)  in any form; not one of them was afraid of  (absurdity) , of being and seeming unlike their neighbors. 
The Gibsons were little given to  (excellence)  in any form; not one of them was afraid of  (mediocrity) , of being and seeming unlike their neighbors. 
The Gibsons were little given to  (anger)  in any form; not one of them was afraid of  (confrontation) , of being and seeming unlike their neighbors. 
The Gibsons were little given to  (conformism)  in any form; not one of them was afraid of  (singularity) , of being and seeming unlike their neighbors. 
The Gibsons were little given to  (ostentation)  in any form; not one of them was afraid of  (eccentricity) , of being and seeming unlike their neighbors. 

Even after  (recommendations)  against the  (continuation)  of popular sovereignty were included, major figures in the humanistic disciplines remained skeptical about the proposal to extend suffrage to the masses. 
Even after  (safeguards)  against the  (excesses)  of popular sovereignty were included, major figures in the humanistic disciplines remained skeptical about the proposal to extend suffrage to the masses. 
Even after  (arguments)  against the  (introduction)  of popular sovereignty were included, major figures in the humanistic disciplines remained skeptical about the proposal to extend suffrage to the masses. 
Even after  (provisions)  against the  (advantages)  of popular sovereignty were included, major figures in the humanistic disciplines remained skeptical about the proposal to extend suffrage to the masses. 
Even after  (laws)  against the  (creation)  of popular sovereignty were included, major figures in the humanistic disciplines remained skeptical about the proposal to extend suffrage to the masses. 

A recent survey shows that, while ninety-four percent of companies conducting management-training programs open them to women, women are  (protesting against)  only seventy-four percent of those programs. 
A recent survey shows that, while ninety-four percent of companies conducting management-training programs open them to women, women are  (participating in)  only seventy-four percent of those programs. 
A recent survey shows that, while ninety-four percent of companies conducting management-training programs open them to women, women are  (displeased by)  only seventy-four percent of those programs. 
A recent survey shows that, while ninety-four percent of companies conducting management-training programs open them to women, women are  (allowed in)  only seventy-four percent of those programs. 
A recent survey shows that, while ninety-four percent of companies conducting management-training programs open them to women, women are  (refused by)  only seventy-four percent of those programs. 

Thomas Paine, whose political writing was often flamboyant, was in private life a surprisingly  (simple)  man: he lived in rented rooms, ate little, and wore drab clothes. 
Thomas Paine, whose political writing was often flamboyant, was in private life a surprisingly  (controversial)  man: he lived in rented rooms, ate little, and wore drab clothes. 
Thomas Paine, whose political writing was often flamboyant, was in private life a surprisingly  (sordid)  man: he lived in rented rooms, ate little, and wore drab clothes. 
Thomas Paine, whose political writing was often flamboyant, was in private life a surprisingly  (comfortable)  man: he lived in rented rooms, ate little, and wore drab clothes. 
Thomas Paine, whose political writing was often flamboyant, was in private life a surprisingly  (discourteous)  man: he lived in rented rooms, ate little, and wore drab clothes. 

Their  (merging)  of loyalties is first to oneself, next to kin, then to fellow tribe members, and finally to compatriots. 
Their  (hierarchy)  of loyalties is first to oneself, next to kin, then to fellow tribe members, and finally to compatriots. 
Their  (definition)  of loyalties is first to oneself, next to kin, then to fellow tribe members, and finally to compatriots. 
Their  (judgment)  of loyalties is first to oneself, next to kin, then to fellow tribe members, and finally to compatriots. 
Their  (cognizance)  of loyalties is first to oneself, next to kin, then to fellow tribe members, and finally to compatriots. 

The belief that science destroys the arts appears to be supported by historical evidence that the arts have  (declined)  only when the sciences have been  (attacked) . 
The belief that science destroys the arts appears to be supported by historical evidence that the arts have  (flourished)  only when the sciences have been  (neglected) . 
The belief that science destroys the arts appears to be supported by historical evidence that the arts have  (matured)  only when the sciences have been  (unconcerned) . 
The belief that science destroys the arts appears to be supported by historical evidence that the arts have  (succeeded)  only when the sciences have been  (developed) . 
The belief that science destroys the arts appears to be supported by historical evidence that the arts have  (floundered)  only when the sciences have been  (constrained) . 

The action and charades in a melodrama can be so immediately  (spurned)  that all observers can hiss the villain with an air of smug but enjoyable  (boredom)  
The action and charades in a melodrama can be so immediately  (forgotten)  that all observers can hiss the villain with an air of smug but enjoyable  (condescension)  
The action and charades in a melodrama can be so immediately  (classified)  that all observers can hiss the villain with an air of smug but enjoyable  (self-righteousness)  
The action and charades in a melodrama can be so immediately  (plausible)  that all observers can hiss the villain with an air of smug but enjoyable  (guilt)  
The action and charades in a melodrama can be so immediately  (gripping)  that all observers can hiss the villain with an air of smug but enjoyable  (skepticism)  

In the design of medical experiments, the need for  (independent)  assignment of treatments to patients must be  (amended by)  the difficulty of persuading patients to participate in an experiment in which their treatment is decided by chance. 
In the design of medical experiments, the need for  (competent)  assignment of treatments to patients must be  (emphasized by)  the difficulty of persuading patients to participate in an experiment in which their treatment is decided by chance. 
In the design of medical experiments, the need for  (mechanical)  assignment of treatments to patients must be  (controlled by)  the difficulty of persuading patients to participate in an experiment in which their treatment is decided by chance. 
In the design of medical experiments, the need for  (swift)  assignment of treatments to patients must be  (associated with)  the difficulty of persuading patients to participate in an experiment in which their treatment is decided by chance. 
In the design of medical experiments, the need for  (random)  assignment of treatments to patients must be  (reconciled with)  the difficulty of persuading patients to participate in an experiment in which their treatment is decided by chance. 

Though dealers insist that professional art dealers can make money in the art market, even an  (amateur's)  knowledge is not enough: the art world is so fickle that stock-market prices are  (sensible)  by comparison. 
Though dealers insist that professional art dealers can make money in the art market, even an  (expert's)  knowledge is not enough: the art world is so fickle that stock-market prices are  (erratic)  by comparison. 
Though dealers insist that professional art dealers can make money in the art market, even an  (investor's)  knowledge is not enough: the art world is so fickle that stock-market prices are  (booming)  by comparison. 
Though dealers insist that professional art dealers can make money in the art market, even an  (insider's)  knowledge is not enough: the art world is so fickle that stock-market prices are  (predictable)  by comparison. 
Though dealers insist that professional art dealers can make money in the art market, even an  (artist's)  knowledge is not enough: the art world is so fickle that stock-market prices are  (irrational)  by comparison. 

Contrary to the popular conception that it is powered by conscious objectivity, science often operates through error, happy accidents,  (facts)  and persistence in spite of mistakes. 
Contrary to the popular conception that it is powered by conscious objectivity, science often operates through error, happy accidents,  (controls)  and persistence in spite of mistakes. 
Contrary to the popular conception that it is powered by conscious objectivity, science often operates through error, happy accidents,  (hunches)  and persistence in spite of mistakes. 
Contrary to the popular conception that it is powered by conscious objectivity, science often operates through error, happy accidents,  (deductions)  and persistence in spite of mistakes. 
Contrary to the popular conception that it is powered by conscious objectivity, science often operates through error, happy accidents,  (calculations)  and persistence in spite of mistakes. 

The transition from the Paleolithic to the Neolithic era is viewed by most art historians as a  (milestone)  , because, instead of an increasingly  (debased)  pictorial art, we find degeneration. 
The transition from the Paleolithic to the Neolithic era is viewed by most art historians as a  (consolidation)  , because, instead of an increasingly  (diverse)  pictorial art, we find degeneration. 
The transition from the Paleolithic to the Neolithic era is viewed by most art historians as a  (calamity)  , because, instead of an increasingly  (aberrant)  pictorial art, we find degeneration. 
The transition from the Paleolithic to the Neolithic era is viewed by most art historians as a  (regression)  , because, instead of an increasingly  (sophisticated)  pictorial art, we find degeneration. 
The transition from the Paleolithic to the Neolithic era is viewed by most art historians as a  (continuation)  , because, instead of an increasingly  (improved)  pictorial art, we find degeneration. 

Salazar's presence in the group was so  (reassuring to)  the others that they lost most of their earlier  (trepidation) ; failure, for them, became all but unthinkable. 
Salazar's presence in the group was so  (unnoticed by)  the others that they lost most of their earlier  (curiosity) ; failure, for them, became all but unthinkable. 
Salazar's presence in the group was so  (unusual to)  the others that they lost most of their earlier  (harmony) ; failure, for them, became all but unthinkable. 
Salazar's presence in the group was so  (endearing to)  the others that they lost most of their earlier  (confidence) ; failure, for them, became all but unthinkable. 
Salazar's presence in the group was so  (unexpected by)  the others that they lost most of their earlier  (exhilaration) ; failure, for them, became all but unthinkable. 

The eradication of pollution is not merely a matter of  (economics) , though the majestic beauty of nature is indeed an important consideration. 
The eradication of pollution is not merely a matter of  (legislation) , though the majestic beauty of nature is indeed an important consideration. 
The eradication of pollution is not merely a matter of  (cleanliness) , though the majestic beauty of nature is indeed an important consideration. 
The eradication of pollution is not merely a matter of  (aesthetics) , though the majestic beauty of nature is indeed an important consideration. 
The eradication of pollution is not merely a matter of  (restoration) , though the majestic beauty of nature is indeed an important consideration. 

Despite an agreement between labor and management to keep the print and electronic media  (abreast of)  developments, the details of the negotiations were  (disclosed to)  all but a few journalists from the major metropolitan newspapers. 
Despite an agreement between labor and management to keep the print and electronic media  (involved in)  developments, the details of the negotiations were  (leaded to)  all but a few journalists from the major metropolitan newspapers. 
Despite an agreement between labor and management to keep the print and electronic media  (apprised of)  developments, the details of the negotiations were  (withheld from)  all but a few journalists from the major metropolitan newspapers. 
Despite an agreement between labor and management to keep the print and electronic media  (speculating about)  developments, the details of the negotiations were  (denied to)  all but a few journalists from the major metropolitan newspapers. 
Despite an agreement between labor and management to keep the print and electronic media  (ignorant of)  developments, the details of the negotiations were  (suppressed by)  all but a few journalists from the major metropolitan newspapers. 

Word order in a sentence was much freer in Old French than it is in French today, this  (restriction) disappeared as the French language gradually lost its case distinctions. 
Word order in a sentence was much freer in Old French than it is in French today, this  (license) disappeared as the French language gradually lost its case distinctions. 
Word order in a sentence was much freer in Old French than it is in French today, this  (similarity) disappeared as the French language gradually lost its case distinctions. 
Word order in a sentence was much freer in Old French than it is in French today, this  (rigidity) disappeared as the French language gradually lost its case distinctions. 
Word order in a sentence was much freer in Old French than it is in French today, this  (imperative) disappeared as the French language gradually lost its case distinctions. 

Whereas biologists must maintain a  (scrupulous)  attitude toward the subjects of their research, social scientists must, paradoxically, combine personal involvement and scholarly  (sympathy) . 
Whereas biologists must maintain a  (careful)  attitude toward the subjects of their research, social scientists must, paradoxically, combine personal involvement and scholarly  (abandon) . 
Whereas biologists must maintain a  (casual)  attitude toward the subjects of their research, social scientists must, paradoxically, combine personal involvement and scholarly  (precision) . 
Whereas biologists must maintain a  (passive)  attitude toward the subjects of their research, social scientists must, paradoxically, combine personal involvement and scholarly  (passion) . 
Whereas biologists must maintain a  (disinterested)  attitude toward the subjects of their research, social scientists must, paradoxically, combine personal involvement and scholarly  (detachment) . 

Read's apology to Heflin was not exactly abject and did little to  (encourage) their decades-long quarrel, which had been as  (sporadic)  as the academic etiquette of scholarly journals permitted. 
Read's apology to Heflin was not exactly abject and did little to  (dampen) their decades-long quarrel, which had been as  (courteous)  as the academic etiquette of scholarly journals permitted. 
Read's apology to Heflin was not exactly abject and did little to  (obscure) their decades-long quarrel, which had been as  (ceremonious)  as the academic etiquette of scholarly journals permitted. 
Read's apology to Heflin was not exactly abject and did little to  (resolve) their decades-long quarrel, which had been as  (acrimonious)  as the academic etiquette of scholarly journals permitted. 
Read's apology to Heflin was not exactly abject and did little to  (blur) their decades-long quarrel, which had been as  (sarcastic)  as the academic etiquette of scholarly journals permitted. 

Certain weeds that flourish among rice crops resist detection until maturity by  (deterring)  the seedling stage in the rice plant's life cycle, thereby remaining indistinguishable from the rice crop until the flowering stage. 
Certain weeds that flourish among rice crops resist detection until maturity by  (displacing)  the seedling stage in the rice plant's life cycle, thereby remaining indistinguishable from the rice crop until the flowering stage. 
Certain weeds that flourish among rice crops resist detection until maturity by  (augmenting)  the seedling stage in the rice plant's life cycle, thereby remaining indistinguishable from the rice crop until the flowering stage. 
Certain weeds that flourish among rice crops resist detection until maturity by  (imitating)  the seedling stage in the rice plant's life cycle, thereby remaining indistinguishable from the rice crop until the flowering stage. 
Certain weeds that flourish among rice crops resist detection until maturity by  (nurturing)  the seedling stage in the rice plant's life cycle, thereby remaining indistinguishable from the rice crop until the flowering stage. 

Although the architect's concept at first sounded too  (mundane)  to be  (attractive)  , his careful analysis of every aspect of the project convinced the panel that the proposed building was indeed, structurally feasible. 
Although the architect's concept at first sounded too  (eclectic)  to be  (appealing)  , his careful analysis of every aspect of the project convinced the panel that the proposed building was indeed, structurally feasible. 
Although the architect's concept at first sounded too  (grandiose)  to be  (affordable)  , his careful analysis of every aspect of the project convinced the panel that the proposed building was indeed, structurally feasible. 
Although the architect's concept at first sounded too  (innovative)  to be  (ignored)  , his careful analysis of every aspect of the project convinced the panel that the proposed building was indeed, structurally feasible. 
Although the architect's concept at first sounded too  (visionary)  to be  (practicable)  , his careful analysis of every aspect of the project convinced the panel that the proposed building was indeed, structurally feasible. 

Gould claimed no  (manifest)  knowledge of linguistics, but only a hobbyist's interest in language. 
Gould claimed no  (plausible)  knowledge of linguistics, but only a hobbyist's interest in language. 
Gould claimed no  (technical)  knowledge of linguistics, but only a hobbyist's interest in language. 
Gould claimed no  (rudimentary)  knowledge of linguistics, but only a hobbyist's interest in language. 
Gould claimed no  (insignificant)  knowledge of linguistics, but only a hobbyist's interest in language. 

An obvious style, easily identified by some superficial quirk, is properly (avoided)  as a mere mannerism, whereas a complex and subtle style (risks)  reduction to a formula. 
An obvious style, easily identified by some superficial quirk, is properly (decried)  as a mere mannerism, whereas a complex and subtle style (resists)  reduction to a formula. 
An obvious style, easily identified by some superficial quirk, is properly (prized)  as a mere mannerism, whereas a complex and subtle style (withstands)  reduction to a formula. 
An obvious style, easily identified by some superficial quirk, is properly (identified)  as a mere mannerism, whereas a complex and subtle style (consists of)  reduction to a formula. 
An obvious style, easily identified by some superficial quirk, is properly (cultivated)  as a mere mannerism, whereas a complex and subtle style (demands)  reduction to a formula. 

If efficacious new medicines have side effects that are commonly observed and  (unremarkable) , such medicines are too often considered  (safe) , even when laboratory tests suggest caution. 
If efficacious new medicines have side effects that are commonly observed and  (unpredictable) , such medicines are too often considered  (reliable) , even when laboratory tests suggest caution. 
If efficacious new medicines have side effects that are commonly observed and  (frequent) , such medicines are too often considered  (outdated) , even when laboratory tests suggest caution. 
If efficacious new medicines have side effects that are commonly observed and  (salutary) , such medicines are too often considered  (experimental) , even when laboratory tests suggest caution. 
If efficacious new medicines have side effects that are commonly observed and  (complicated) , such medicines are too often considered  (useful) , even when laboratory tests suggest caution. 

Although a few delegates gave the opposition's suggestions a  (favorable)  response, most greeted the statement of a counterposition with  (approval) . 
Although a few delegates gave the opposition's suggestions a  (dispirited)  response, most greeted the statement of a counterposition with  (reluctance) . 
Although a few delegates gave the opposition's suggestions a  (surly)  response, most greeted the statement of a counterposition with  (resentment) . 
Although a few delegates gave the opposition's suggestions a  (halfhearted)  response, most greeted the statement of a counterposition with  (composure) . 
Although a few delegates gave the opposition's suggestions a  (vitriolic)  response, most greeted the statement of a counterposition with  (civility) . 

By idiosyncratically refusing to dismiss an insubordinate member of his staff, the manager not only  (instituted)  established policy, but he also  (bettered)  his heretofore good chances for promotion. 
By idiosyncratically refusing to dismiss an insubordinate member of his staff, the manager not only  (recognized)  established policy, but he also  (protected)  his heretofore good chances for promotion. 
By idiosyncratically refusing to dismiss an insubordinate member of his staff, the manager not only  (contravened)  established policy, but he also  (jeopardized)  his heretofore good chances for promotion. 
By idiosyncratically refusing to dismiss an insubordinate member of his staff, the manager not only  (reiterated)  established policy, but he also  (computed)  his heretofore good chances for promotion. 
By idiosyncratically refusing to dismiss an insubordinate member of his staff, the manager not only  (delimited)  established policy, but he also  (restricted)  his heretofore good chances for promotion. 

Congress is having great difficulty developing a consensus on energy policy, primarily because the policy objectives of various members of Congress rest on such  (commonplace)  assumptions. 
Congress is having great difficulty developing a consensus on energy policy, primarily because the policy objectives of various members of Congress rest on such  (trivial)  assumptions. 
Congress is having great difficulty developing a consensus on energy policy, primarily because the policy objectives of various members of Congress rest on such  (explicit)  assumptions. 
Congress is having great difficulty developing a consensus on energy policy, primarily because the policy objectives of various members of Congress rest on such  (divergent)  assumptions. 
Congress is having great difficulty developing a consensus on energy policy, primarily because the policy objectives of various members of Congress rest on such  (fundamental)  assumptions. 

The widespread public shock at the news of the guilty verdict was caused partly by  (sensational)  news stories that had  (condemned)  acquittal 
The widespread public shock at the news of the guilty verdict was caused partly by  (buried)  news stories that had  (urged)  acquittal 
The widespread public shock at the news of the guilty verdict was caused partly by  (impartial)  news stories that had  (mentioned)  acquittal 
The widespread public shock at the news of the guilty verdict was caused partly by  (biased)  news stories that had  (predicted)  acquittal 
The widespread public shock at the news of the guilty verdict was caused partly by  (local)  news stories that had  (denounced)  acquittal 

The idealized paintings of nature produced in the eighteenth century are evidence that the medieval  (fear of)  natural settings had been  (exorcised)  and that the outdoors now could be enjoyed without trepidation. 
The idealized paintings of nature produced in the eighteenth century are evidence that the medieval  (concerns about)  natural settings had been  (regained)  and that the outdoors now could be enjoyed without trepidation. 
The idealized paintings of nature produced in the eighteenth century are evidence that the medieval  (affection for)  natural settings had been  (surmounted)  and that the outdoors now could be enjoyed without trepidation. 
The idealized paintings of nature produced in the eighteenth century are evidence that the medieval  (disinterest in)  natural settings had been  (alleviated)  and that the outdoors now could be enjoyed without trepidation. 
The idealized paintings of nature produced in the eighteenth century are evidence that the medieval  (enthusiasm for)  natural settings had been  (confronted)  and that the outdoors now could be enjoyed without trepidation. 

Some paleontologists debate whether the diversity of species has  (changed)  since the Cambrian period, or whether imperfections in the fossil record only suggest greater diversity today, while in actuality there has been either  (escalation)  or decreased diversity. 
Some paleontologists debate whether the diversity of species has  (increased)  since the Cambrian period, or whether imperfections in the fossil record only suggest greater diversity today, while in actuality there has been either  (stasis)  or decreased diversity. 
Some paleontologists debate whether the diversity of species has  (expanded)  since the Cambrian period, or whether imperfections in the fossil record only suggest greater diversity today, while in actuality there has been either  (discontinuity)  or decreased diversity. 
Some paleontologists debate whether the diversity of species has  (declined)  since the Cambrian period, or whether imperfections in the fossil record only suggest greater diversity today, while in actuality there has been either  (reduction)  or decreased diversity. 
Some paleontologists debate whether the diversity of species has  (improved)  since the Cambrian period, or whether imperfections in the fossil record only suggest greater diversity today, while in actuality there has been either  (deviation)  or decreased diversity. 

Manipulating laboratory tissue cultures with hormones is one thing; using hormones to treat human beings, however, is contingent on whether hormones that  (develop)  in the laboratory can affect  (similar)  organisms, and in predictable ways. 
Manipulating laboratory tissue cultures with hormones is one thing; using hormones to treat human beings, however, is contingent on whether hormones that  (succeed)  in the laboratory can affect  (simple)  organisms, and in predictable ways. 
Manipulating laboratory tissue cultures with hormones is one thing; using hormones to treat human beings, however, is contingent on whether hormones that  (fail)  in the laboratory can affect  (cellular)  organisms, and in predictable ways. 
Manipulating laboratory tissue cultures with hormones is one thing; using hormones to treat human beings, however, is contingent on whether hormones that  (work)  in the laboratory can affect  (whole)  organisms, and in predictable ways. 
Manipulating laboratory tissue cultures with hormones is one thing; using hormones to treat human beings, however, is contingent on whether hormones that  (reproduce)  in the laboratory can affect  (unknown)  organisms, and in predictable ways. 

The astronomer and feminist Maria Mitchell's own prodigious activity and the vigor of the Association for the Advancement of Women during the 1870's  (exclude)  any assertion that feminism was  (thriving)  in that period. 
The astronomer and feminist Maria Mitchell's own prodigious activity and the vigor of the Association for the Advancement of Women during the 1870's  (contradict)  any assertion that feminism was  (prospering)  in that period. 
The astronomer and feminist Maria Mitchell's own prodigious activity and the vigor of the Association for the Advancement of Women during the 1870's  (pervade)  any assertion that feminism was  (remote)  in that period. 
The astronomer and feminist Maria Mitchell's own prodigious activity and the vigor of the Association for the Advancement of Women during the 1870's  (buttress)  any assertion that feminism was  (dormant)  in that period. 
The astronomer and feminist Maria Mitchell's own prodigious activity and the vigor of the Association for the Advancement of Women during the 1870's  (belie)  any assertion that feminism was  (quiescent)  in that period. 

Only by ignoring decades of mismanagement and inefficiency could investors conclude that a fresh infusion of cash would provide anything more than a  (fair)  solution to the company's financial woes. 
Only by ignoring decades of mismanagement and inefficiency could investors conclude that a fresh infusion of cash would provide anything more than a  (temporary)  solution to the company's financial woes. 
Only by ignoring decades of mismanagement and inefficiency could investors conclude that a fresh infusion of cash would provide anything more than a  (genuine)  solution to the company's financial woes. 
Only by ignoring decades of mismanagement and inefficiency could investors conclude that a fresh infusion of cash would provide anything more than a  (realistic)  solution to the company's financial woes. 
Only by ignoring decades of mismanagement and inefficiency could investors conclude that a fresh infusion of cash would provide anything more than a  (complete)  solution to the company's financial woes. 

Although the discovery of antibiotics led to great advances in clinical practice, it did not represent a  (breakthrough in)  bacterial illness, for there are some bacteria that cannot be  (consistently)  treated with antibiotics. 
Although the discovery of antibiotics led to great advances in clinical practice, it did not represent a  (panacea for)  bacterial illness, for there are some bacteria that cannot be  (effectively)  treated with antibiotics. 
Although the discovery of antibiotics led to great advances in clinical practice, it did not represent a  (neglect of)  bacterial illness, for there are some bacteria that cannot be  (efficiently)  treated with antibiotics. 
Although the discovery of antibiotics led to great advances in clinical practice, it did not represent a  (reexamination of)  bacterial illness, for there are some bacteria that cannot be  (conventionally)  treated with antibiotics. 
Although the discovery of antibiotics led to great advances in clinical practice, it did not represent a  (resurgence of)  bacterial illness, for there are some bacteria that cannot be  (entirely)  treated with antibiotics. 

A misconception frequently held by novice writers is that sentence structure mirrors thought: the more convoluted the structure, the more  (complicated)  the ideas. 
A misconception frequently held by novice writers is that sentence structure mirrors thought: the more convoluted the structure, the more  (inconsequential)  the ideas. 
A misconception frequently held by novice writers is that sentence structure mirrors thought: the more convoluted the structure, the more  (elementary)  the ideas. 
A misconception frequently held by novice writers is that sentence structure mirrors thought: the more convoluted the structure, the more  (fanciful)  the ideas. 
A misconception frequently held by novice writers is that sentence structure mirrors thought: the more convoluted the structure, the more  (blatant)  the ideas. 

Jones was unable to recognize, the contradictions in his attitudes that were obvious to everyone else; even the hint of an untruth was  (acceptable)  to him, but he  (risked)  serious trouble by always cheating on his taxes. 
Jones was unable to recognize, the contradictions in his attitudes that were obvious to everyone else; even the hint of an untruth was  (exciting)  to him, but he  (averted)  serious trouble by always cheating on his taxes. 
Jones was unable to recognize, the contradictions in his attitudes that were obvious to everyone else; even the hint of an untruth was  (repugnant)  to him, but he  (courted)  serious trouble by always cheating on his taxes. 
Jones was unable to recognize, the contradictions in his attitudes that were obvious to everyone else; even the hint of an untruth was  (anathema)  to him, but he  (evaded)  serious trouble by always cheating on his taxes. 
Jones was unable to recognize, the contradictions in his attitudes that were obvious to everyone else; even the hint of an untruth was  (tempting)  to him, but he  (hazarded)  serious trouble by always cheating on his taxes. 

Even though the general's carefully qualified public statement could hardly be  (respected) , some people took  (liberties with)  it. 
Even though the general's carefully qualified public statement could hardly be  (inoffensive) , some people took  (umbrage at)  it. 
Even though the general's carefully qualified public statement could hardly be  (faulted) , some people took  (exception to)  it. 
Even though the general's carefully qualified public statement could hardly be  (credited) , some people took  (potshots at)  it. 
Even though the general's carefully qualified public statement could hardly be  (dismissed) , some people took  (interest in)  it. 

Though feminist in its implications, Yvonne Rainer's 1974 film  (preserved)  the filmmaker's active involvement in feminist politics. 
Though feminist in its implications, Yvonne Rainer's 1974 film  (portrayed)  the filmmaker's active involvement in feminist politics. 
Though feminist in its implications, Yvonne Rainer's 1974 film  (encouraged)  the filmmaker's active involvement in feminist politics. 
Though feminist in its implications, Yvonne Rainer's 1974 film  (renewed)  the filmmaker's active involvement in feminist politics. 
Though feminist in its implications, Yvonne Rainer's 1974 film  (antedated)  the filmmaker's active involvement in feminist politics. 

The chances that a species will  (degenerate)  are reduced if any vital function is restricted to a single kind of organ;  (complexity)  by itself possesses an enormous survival advantage. 
The chances that a species will  (expire)  are reduced if any vital function is restricted to a single kind of organ;  (size)  by itself possesses an enormous survival advantage. 
The chances that a species will  (disappear)  are reduced if any vital function is restricted to a single kind of organ;  (variety)  by itself possesses an enormous survival advantage. 
The chances that a species will  (flourish)  are reduced if any vital function is restricted to a single kind of organ;  (symmetry)  by itself possesses an enormous survival advantage. 
The chances that a species will  (persist)  are reduced if any vital function is restricted to a single kind of organ;  (redundancy)  by itself possesses an enormous survival advantage. 

It was a war the queen and her more prudent counselors wished to  (provoke)  if they could and were determined in any event to  (delay)  as long as possible. 
It was a war the queen and her more prudent counselors wished to  (denounce)  if they could and were determined in any event to  (deny)  as long as possible. 
It was a war the queen and her more prudent counselors wished to  (instigate)  if they could and were determined in any event to  (conceal)  as long as possible. 
It was a war the queen and her more prudent counselors wished to  (curtail)  if they could and were determined in any event to  (promote)  as long as possible. 
It was a war the queen and her more prudent counselors wished to  (avoid)  if they could and were determined in any event to  (postpone)  as long as possible. 

Despite many decades of research on the gasification of coal, the data accumulated are not directly  (analogous) to environmental questions; thus a new program of research specifically addressing such questions is (promising)  
Despite many decades of research on the gasification of coal, the data accumulated are not directly  (transferable) to environmental questions; thus a new program of research specifically addressing such questions is (contradictory)  
Despite many decades of research on the gasification of coal, the data accumulated are not directly  (antithetical) to environmental questions; thus a new program of research specifically addressing such questions is (unremarkable)  
Despite many decades of research on the gasification of coal, the data accumulated are not directly  (applicable) to environmental questions; thus a new program of research specifically addressing such questions is (warranted)  
Despite many decades of research on the gasification of coal, the data accumulated are not directly  (pertinent) to environmental questions; thus a new program of research specifically addressing such questions is (unnecessary)  

Unlike other creatures, who are shaped largely by their  (harsh)  environment, human beings are products of a culture accumulated over centuries, yet one that is constantly being  (unconfirmed)  by massive infusions of new information from everywhere. 
Unlike other creatures, who are shaped largely by their  (surrounding)  environment, human beings are products of a culture accumulated over centuries, yet one that is constantly being  (upheld)  by massive infusions of new information from everywhere. 
Unlike other creatures, who are shaped largely by their  (immediate)  environment, human beings are products of a culture accumulated over centuries, yet one that is constantly being  (transformed)  by massive infusions of new information from everywhere. 
Unlike other creatures, who are shaped largely by their  (natural)  environment, human beings are products of a culture accumulated over centuries, yet one that is constantly being  (mechanized)  by massive infusions of new information from everywhere. 
Unlike other creatures, who are shaped largely by their  (limited)  environment, human beings are products of a culture accumulated over centuries, yet one that is constantly being  (superseded)  by massive infusions of new information from everywhere. 

Edith Wharton sought in her memoir to present herself as having achieved a harmonious wholeness by having  (affirmed)  the conflicting elements of her life. 
Edith Wharton sought in her memoir to present herself as having achieved a harmonious wholeness by having  (highlighted)  the conflicting elements of her life. 
Edith Wharton sought in her memoir to present herself as having achieved a harmonious wholeness by having  (reconciled)  the conflicting elements of her life. 
Edith Wharton sought in her memoir to present herself as having achieved a harmonious wholeness by having  (confined)  the conflicting elements of her life. 
Edith Wharton sought in her memoir to present herself as having achieved a harmonious wholeness by having  (identified)  the conflicting elements of her life. 

In their preface, the collection's editors plead that certain of the important articles they  (discussed)  were published too recently for inclusion, but in the case of many such articles, this  (replacement)  is not valid. 
In their preface, the collection's editors plead that certain of the important articles they  (omitted)  were published too recently for inclusion, but in the case of many such articles, this  (excuse)  is not valid. 
In their preface, the collection's editors plead that certain of the important articles they  (revised)  were published too recently for inclusion, but in the case of many such articles, this  (clarification)  is not valid. 
In their preface, the collection's editors plead that certain of the important articles they  (disparaged)  were published too recently for inclusion, but in the case of many such articles, this  (justification)  is not valid. 
In their preface, the collection's editors plead that certain of the important articles they  (ignored)  were published too recently for inclusion, but in the case of many such articles, this  (endorsement)  is not valid. 

The labor union and the company's management, despite their long history of unfailingly acerbic disagreement on nearly every issue, have nevertheless reached an unexpectedly  (swift) , albeit still tentative, agreement on next year's contract. 
The labor union and the company's management, despite their long history of unfailingly acerbic disagreement on nearly every issue, have nevertheless reached an unexpectedly  (onerous) , albeit still tentative, agreement on next year's contract. 
The labor union and the company's management, despite their long history of unfailingly acerbic disagreement on nearly every issue, have nevertheless reached an unexpectedly  (hesitant) , albeit still tentative, agreement on next year's contract. 
The labor union and the company's management, despite their long history of unfailingly acerbic disagreement on nearly every issue, have nevertheless reached an unexpectedly  (reluctant) , albeit still tentative, agreement on next year's contract. 
The labor union and the company's management, despite their long history of unfailingly acerbic disagreement on nearly every issue, have nevertheless reached an unexpectedly  (conclusive) , albeit still tentative, agreement on next year's contract. 

In response to the follies of today's commercial and political worlds, the author does not  (display)  inflamed indignation, but rather  (rails at)  the detachment and smooth aphoristic prose of an eighteenth-century wit. 
In response to the follies of today's commercial and political worlds, the author does not  (rely on)  inflamed indignation, but rather  (avoids)  the detachment and smooth aphoristic prose of an eighteenth-century wit. 
In response to the follies of today's commercial and political worlds, the author does not  (suppress)  inflamed indignation, but rather  (clings to)  the detachment and smooth aphoristic prose of an eighteenth-century wit. 
In response to the follies of today's commercial and political worlds, the author does not  (express)  inflamed indignation, but rather  (affects)  the detachment and smooth aphoristic prose of an eighteenth-century wit. 
In response to the follies of today's commercial and political worlds, the author does not  (resort to)  inflamed indignation, but rather  (spurns)  the detachment and smooth aphoristic prose of an eighteenth-century wit. 

Vaillant, who has been Particularly interested in the means by which people attain mental health, seems to be looking for  (definitive)  answers: a way to close the book on at least a few questions about human nature. 
Vaillant, who has been Particularly interested in the means by which people attain mental health, seems to be looking for  (confused)  answers: a way to close the book on at least a few questions about human nature. 
Vaillant, who has been Particularly interested in the means by which people attain mental health, seems to be looking for  (temporary)  answers: a way to close the book on at least a few questions about human nature. 
Vaillant, who has been Particularly interested in the means by which people attain mental health, seems to be looking for  (personal)  answers: a way to close the book on at least a few questions about human nature. 
Vaillant, who has been Particularly interested in the means by which people attain mental health, seems to be looking for  (derivative)  answers: a way to close the book on at least a few questions about human nature. 

The well-trained engineer must understand fields as diverse as physics, economics, geology, and sociology;thus, an overly  (narrow) engineering curriculum should be avoided. 
The well-trained engineer must understand fields as diverse as physics, economics, geology, and sociology;thus, an overly  (innovative) engineering curriculum should be avoided. 
The well-trained engineer must understand fields as diverse as physics, economics, geology, and sociology;thus, an overly  (competitive) engineering curriculum should be avoided. 
The well-trained engineer must understand fields as diverse as physics, economics, geology, and sociology;thus, an overly  (rigorous) engineering curriculum should be avoided. 
The well-trained engineer must understand fields as diverse as physics, economics, geology, and sociology;thus, an overly  (academic) engineering curriculum should be avoided. 

Although supernovas are among the most  (remote)  of cosmic events, these stellar explosions are often hard to  (observe) , either because they are enormously far away or because they are dimmed by intervening dust and gas clouds. 
Although supernovas are among the most  (luminous)  of cosmic events, these stellar explosions are often hard to  (detect) , either because they are enormously far away or because they are dimmed by intervening dust and gas clouds. 
Although supernovas are among the most  (predictable)  of cosmic events, these stellar explosions are often hard to  (foresee) , either because they are enormously far away or because they are dimmed by intervening dust and gas clouds. 
Although supernovas are among the most  (ancient)  of cosmic events, these stellar explosions are often hard to  (determine) , either because they are enormously far away or because they are dimmed by intervening dust and gas clouds. 
Although supernovas are among the most  (violent)  of cosmic events, these stellar explosions are often hard to  (disregard) , either because they are enormously far away or because they are dimmed by intervening dust and gas clouds. 

During the widespread fuel shortage, the price of gasoline was so  (reactive)  that suppliers were generally thought to be  (shielding)  the consumer. 
During the widespread fuel shortage, the price of gasoline was so  (stable)  that suppliers were generally thought to be  (blackmailing)  the consumer. 
During the widespread fuel shortage, the price of gasoline was so  (depressed)  that suppliers were generally thought to be  (cheating)  the consumer. 
During the widespread fuel shortage, the price of gasoline was so  (prohibitive)  that suppliers were generally thought to be  (placating)  the consumer. 
During the widespread fuel shortage, the price of gasoline was so  (excessive)  that suppliers were generally thought to be  (gouging)  the consumer. 

Art  (precedes)  science, but that does not mean that the artist must also be a scientist; an artist uses the fruits of science but need not  (anticipate)  the theories from which they derive. 
Art  (incorporates)  science, but that does not mean that the artist must also be a scientist; an artist uses the fruits of science but need not  (understand)  the theories from which they derive. 
Art  (transcends)  science, but that does not mean that the artist must also be a scientist; an artist uses the fruits of science but need not  (abandon)  the theories from which they derive. 
Art  (imitates)  science, but that does not mean that the artist must also be a scientist; an artist uses the fruits of science but need not  (repudiate)  the theories from which they derive. 
Art  (resembles)  science, but that does not mean that the artist must also be a scientist; an artist uses the fruits of science but need not  (contest)  the theories from which they derive. 

Imposing steep fines on employers for on-the-job injuries to workers could be an effective  (antidote)  to creating a safer workplace, especially in the case of employers with poor safety records. 
Imposing steep fines on employers for on-the-job injuries to workers could be an effective  (alternative)  to creating a safer workplace, especially in the case of employers with poor safety records. 
Imposing steep fines on employers for on-the-job injuries to workers could be an effective  (addition)  to creating a safer workplace, especially in the case of employers with poor safety records. 
Imposing steep fines on employers for on-the-job injuries to workers could be an effective  (deterrent)  to creating a safer workplace, especially in the case of employers with poor safety records. 
Imposing steep fines on employers for on-the-job injuries to workers could be an effective  (incentive)  to creating a safer workplace, especially in the case of employers with poor safety records. 

Literature is inevitably a  (distorting)  rather than  (a neutral)  medium for the simple reason that writers interpose their own vision between the reader and reality. 
Literature is inevitably a  (transparent)  rather than  (an opaque)  medium for the simple reason that writers interpose their own vision between the reader and reality. 
Literature is inevitably a  (colorful)  rather than  (a drab)  medium for the simple reason that writers interpose their own vision between the reader and reality. 
Literature is inevitably a  (flawless)  rather than  (an inexact)  medium for the simple reason that writers interpose their own vision between the reader and reality. 
Literature is inevitably a  (flexible)  rather than  (a rigid)  medium for the simple reason that writers interpose their own vision between the reader and reality. 

A good doctor knows that knowledge about medicine will continue to  (vary)  and that, therefore, formal professional training can never be an  (adaptable)  guide to good practice. 
A good doctor knows that knowledge about medicine will continue to  (change)  and that, therefore, formal professional training can never be an  (absolute)  guide to good practice. 
A good doctor knows that knowledge about medicine will continue to  (ossify)  and that, therefore, formal professional training can never be an  (inflexible)  guide to good practice. 
A good doctor knows that knowledge about medicine will continue to  (pertain)  and that, therefore, formal professional training can never be an  (invaluable)  guide to good practice. 
A good doctor knows that knowledge about medicine will continue to  (intensify)  and that, therefore, formal professional training can never be an  (obsolescent)  guide to good practice. 

Foucault's rejection of the concept of continuity in Western thought, though radical, was not unique; he had  (critics)  in the United States who, without knowledge of his work, developed parallel ideas. 
Foucault's rejection of the concept of continuity in Western thought, though radical, was not unique; he had  (counterparts)  in the United States who, without knowledge of his work, developed parallel ideas. 
Foucault's rejection of the concept of continuity in Western thought, though radical, was not unique; he had  (disciples)  in the United States who, without knowledge of his work, developed parallel ideas. 
Foucault's rejection of the concept of continuity in Western thought, though radical, was not unique; he had  (readers)  in the United States who, without knowledge of his work, developed parallel ideas. 
Foucault's rejection of the concept of continuity in Western thought, though radical, was not unique; he had  (publishers)  in the United States who, without knowledge of his work, developed parallel ideas. 

In retrospect. Gordon's students appreciated her  (didactic)  assignments, realizing that such assignments were specifically designed to  (ingrain)  original thought rather than to review the content of her course. 
In retrospect. Gordon's students appreciated her  (intimidating)  assignments, realizing that such assignments were specifically designed to  (thwart)  original thought rather than to review the content of her course. 
In retrospect. Gordon's students appreciated her  (difficult)  assignments, realizing that such assignments were specifically designed to  (discourage)  original thought rather than to review the content of her course. 
In retrospect. Gordon's students appreciated her  (conventional)  assignments, realizing that such assignments were specifically designed to  (explicate)  original thought rather than to review the content of her course. 
In retrospect. Gordon's students appreciated her  (enigmatic)  assignments, realizing that such assignments were specifically designed to  (stimulate)  original thought rather than to review the content of her course. 

In sharp contrast to the intense  (idealism)  of the young republic, with its utopian faith in democracy and hopes for eternal human progress, recent developments suggest a mood of almost unrelieved  (cynicism)  
In sharp contrast to the intense  (individualism)  of the young republic, with its utopian faith in democracy and hopes for eternal human progress, recent developments suggest a mood of almost unrelieved  (escapism)  
In sharp contrast to the intense  (sectarianism)  of the young republic, with its utopian faith in democracy and hopes for eternal human progress, recent developments suggest a mood of almost unrelieved  (recklessness)  
In sharp contrast to the intense  (assertiveness)  of the young republic, with its utopian faith in democracy and hopes for eternal human progress, recent developments suggest a mood of almost unrelieved  (ambition)  
In sharp contrast to the intense  (righteousness)  of the young republic, with its utopian faith in democracy and hopes for eternal human progress, recent developments suggest a mood of almost unrelieved  (egalitarianism)  

Old age, even in cultures where it is  (venerated) , is often viewed with  (ambivalence)  
Old age, even in cultures where it is  (rare) , is often viewed with  (surprise)  
Old age, even in cultures where it is  (ignored) , is often viewed with  (condescension)  
Old age, even in cultures where it is  (feared) , is often viewed with  (dismay)  
Old age, even in cultures where it is  (honored) , is often viewed with  (respect)  

Unlike the easily studied neutral and ionized  (figments)  that compose the primary disk of the Milky Way itself, the components of the  (envelope)  surrounding our galaxy have proved more resistant to study. 
Unlike the easily studied neutral and ionized  (essences)  that compose the primary disk of the Milky Way itself, the components of the  (fluctuations)  surrounding our galaxy have proved more resistant to study. 
Unlike the easily studied neutral and ionized  (elements)  that compose the primary disk of the Milky Way itself, the components of the  (problems)  surrounding our galaxy have proved more resistant to study. 
Unlike the easily studied neutral and ionized  (calculations)  that compose the primary disk of the Milky Way itself, the components of the  (perimeter)  surrounding our galaxy have proved more resistant to study. 
Unlike the easily studied neutral and ionized  (materials)  that compose the primary disk of the Milky Way itself, the components of the  (region)  surrounding our galaxy have proved more resistant to study. 

Although normally  (diffident) , Alison felt so strongly about the issue that she put aside her reserve and spoke up at the committee meeting. 
Although normally  (contentious) , Alison felt so strongly about the issue that she put aside her reserve and spoke up at the committee meeting. 
Although normally  (facetious) , Alison felt so strongly about the issue that she put aside her reserve and spoke up at the committee meeting. 
Although normally  (presumptuous) , Alison felt so strongly about the issue that she put aside her reserve and spoke up at the committee meeting. 
Although normally  (intrepid) , Alison felt so strongly about the issue that she put aside her reserve and spoke up at the committee meeting. 

Contrary to the antiquated idea that the eighteenth century was a  (clannish)  island of elegant assurance, evidence reveals that life for most people was filled with uncertainty and insecurity. 
Contrary to the antiquated idea that the eighteenth century was a  (declining)  island of elegant assurance, evidence reveals that life for most people was filled with uncertainty and insecurity. 
Contrary to the antiquated idea that the eighteenth century was a  (tranquil)  island of elegant assurance, evidence reveals that life for most people was filled with uncertainty and insecurity. 
Contrary to the antiquated idea that the eighteenth century was a  (recognized)  island of elegant assurance, evidence reveals that life for most people was filled with uncertainty and insecurity. 
Contrary to the antiquated idea that the eighteenth century was a  (sprawling)  island of elegant assurance, evidence reveals that life for most people was filled with uncertainty and insecurity. 

The insecticide proved  (ineffective) , by killing the weak adults of a species, it assured that the strong ones would mate among themselves and produce offspring still more  (hostile)  to its effects. 
The insecticide proved  (cruel) , by killing the weak adults of a species, it assured that the strong ones would mate among themselves and produce offspring still more  (vulnerable)  to its effects. 
The insecticide proved  (feasible) , by killing the weak adults of a species, it assured that the strong ones would mate among themselves and produce offspring still more  (susceptible)  to its effects. 
The insecticide proved  (necessary) , by killing the weak adults of a species, it assured that the strong ones would mate among themselves and produce offspring still more  (immune)  to its effects. 
The insecticide proved  (counterproductive) , by killing the weak adults of a species, it assured that the strong ones would mate among themselves and produce offspring still more  (resistant)  to its effects. 

Many industries are so  (estranged)  by the impact of government sanctions, equipment failure, and foreign competition that they are beginning to rely on industrial psychologists to  (guard)  what remains of employee morale. 
Many industries are so  (beleaguered)  by the impact of government sanctions, equipment failure, and foreign competition that they are beginning to rely on industrial psychologists to  (salvage)  what remains of employee morale. 
Many industries are so  (overruled)  by the impact of government sanctions, equipment failure, and foreign competition that they are beginning to rely on industrial psychologists to  (undermine)  what remains of employee morale. 
Many industries are so  (encouraged)  by the impact of government sanctions, equipment failure, and foreign competition that they are beginning to rely on industrial psychologists to  (determine)  what remains of employee morale. 
Many industries are so  (restrained)  by the impact of government sanctions, equipment failure, and foreign competition that they are beginning to rely on industrial psychologists to  (confirm)  what remains of employee morale. 

Fashion is partly a search for a new language to discredit the old, a way in which each generation can  (honor)  its immediate predecessor and distinguish itself. 
Fashion is partly a search for a new language to discredit the old, a way in which each generation can  (repudiate)  its immediate predecessor and distinguish itself. 
Fashion is partly a search for a new language to discredit the old, a way in which each generation can  (condone)  its immediate predecessor and distinguish itself. 
Fashion is partly a search for a new language to discredit the old, a way in which each generation can  (placate)  its immediate predecessor and distinguish itself. 
Fashion is partly a search for a new language to discredit the old, a way in which each generation can  (emulate)  its immediate predecessor and distinguish itself. 

Although  (contrition)  is usually thought to spring from regret for having done something wrong, it may be that its origin is the realization that one's own nature is irremediably  (resilient) . 
Although  (certitude)  is usually thought to spring from regret for having done something wrong, it may be that its origin is the realization that one's own nature is irremediably  (confident) . 
Although  (skepticism)  is usually thought to spring from regret for having done something wrong, it may be that its origin is the realization that one's own nature is irremediably  (innocent) . 
Although  (remorse)  is usually thought to spring from regret for having done something wrong, it may be that its origin is the realization that one's own nature is irremediably  (flawed) . 
Although  (resignation)  is usually thought to spring from regret for having done something wrong, it may be that its origin is the realization that one's own nature is irremediably  (frivolous) . 

Numerous historical examples illustrate both the overriding influence that scientists'  (prejudices)  have on their interpretation of data and the consequent  (impairment) of their intellectual objectivity. 
Numerous historical examples illustrate both the overriding influence that scientists'  (instruments)  have on their interpretation of data and the consequent  (abandonment) of their intellectual objectivity. 
Numerous historical examples illustrate both the overriding influence that scientists'  (theories)  have on their interpretation of data and the consequent  (independence) of their intellectual objectivity. 
Numerous historical examples illustrate both the overriding influence that scientists'  (conclusions)  have on their interpretation of data and the consequent  (coloration) of their intellectual objectivity. 
Numerous historical examples illustrate both the overriding influence that scientists'  (suppositions)  have on their interpretation of data and the consequent  (reinforcement) of their intellectual objectivity. 

From the outset, the concept of freedom of the seas from the proprietary claims of nations was challenged by a contrary notion that of the  (promotion)  of the oceans for reasons of national security and profit. 
From the outset, the concept of freedom of the seas from the proprietary claims of nations was challenged by a contrary notion that of the  (exploration)  of the oceans for reasons of national security and profit. 
From the outset, the concept of freedom of the seas from the proprietary claims of nations was challenged by a contrary notion that of the  (surviving)  of the oceans for reasons of national security and profit. 
From the outset, the concept of freedom of the seas from the proprietary claims of nations was challenged by a contrary notion that of the  (conservation)  of the oceans for reasons of national security and profit. 
From the outset, the concept of freedom of the seas from the proprietary claims of nations was challenged by a contrary notion that of the  (enclosure)  of the oceans for reasons of national security and profit. 

The corporation expects only  (unquestionable)  increases in sales next year despite a yearlong effort to revive its retailing business. 
The corporation expects only  (sequential)  increases in sales next year despite a yearlong effort to revive its retailing business. 
The corporation expects only  (modest)  increases in sales next year despite a yearlong effort to revive its retailing business. 
The corporation expects only  (exaggerated)  increases in sales next year despite a yearlong effort to revive its retailing business. 
The corporation expects only  (groundless)  increases in sales next year despite a yearlong effort to revive its retailing business. 

No computer system is immune to a virus, a particularly malicious program that is designed to  (prepare)  and electronically  (improve)  the disks on which data are stored. 
No computer system is immune to a virus, a particularly malicious program that is designed to  (restore)  and electronically  (disable)  the disks on which data are stored. 
No computer system is immune to a virus, a particularly malicious program that is designed to  (infect)  and electronically  (damage)  the disks on which data are stored. 
No computer system is immune to a virus, a particularly malicious program that is designed to  (preserve)  and electronically  (secure)  the disks on which data are stored. 
No computer system is immune to a virus, a particularly malicious program that is designed to  (invade)  and electronically  (repair)  the disks on which data are stored. 

Recent research indicates that a system of particles which has apparently decayed to randomness from  (an equilibrium)  state can be returned to that state; thus the system exhibits a kind of memory of its  (lesser)  condition. 
Recent research indicates that a system of particles which has apparently decayed to randomness from  (an ordered)  state can be returned to that state; thus the system exhibits a kind of memory of its  (earlier)  condition. 
Recent research indicates that a system of particles which has apparently decayed to randomness from  (an unusual)  state can be returned to that state; thus the system exhibits a kind of memory of its  (settled)  condition. 
Recent research indicates that a system of particles which has apparently decayed to randomness from  (a chaotic)  state can be returned to that state; thus the system exhibits a kind of memory of its  (last)  condition. 
Recent research indicates that a system of particles which has apparently decayed to randomness from  (a higher)  state can be returned to that state; thus the system exhibits a kind of memory of its  (present)  condition. 

A number of writers who once greatly  (lauded)  the literary critic have recently recanted, substituting  (censure)  for their former criticism. 
A number of writers who once greatly  (influenced)  the literary critic have recently recanted, substituting  (analysis)  for their former criticism. 
A number of writers who once greatly  (simulated)  the literary critic have recently recanted, substituting  (ambivalence)  for their former criticism. 
A number of writers who once greatly  (disparaged)  the literary critic have recently recanted, substituting  (approbation)  for their former criticism. 
A number of writers who once greatly  (honored)  the literary critic have recently recanted, substituting  (adulation)  for their former criticism. 

She writes across generational lines, making the past so  (complex)  that our belief that the present is the true locus of experience is undermined. 
She writes across generational lines, making the past so  (distant)  that our belief that the present is the true locus of experience is undermined. 
She writes across generational lines, making the past so  (vivid)  that our belief that the present is the true locus of experience is undermined. 
She writes across generational lines, making the past so  (mysterious)  that our belief that the present is the true locus of experience is undermined. 
She writes across generational lines, making the past so  (mundane)  that our belief that the present is the true locus of experience is undermined. 

Individual freedom of thought should be  (protected)  more absolutely than individual freedom of action, given that the latter, though also desirable, must be  (subject to)  the limits imposed by the rights and freedom of others. 
Individual freedom of thought should be  (assessed)  more absolutely than individual freedom of action, given that the latter, though also desirable, must be  (measured by)  the limits imposed by the rights and freedom of others. 
Individual freedom of thought should be  (valued)  more absolutely than individual freedom of action, given that the latter, though also desirable, must be  (superior to)  the limits imposed by the rights and freedom of others. 
Individual freedom of thought should be  (exercised)  more absolutely than individual freedom of action, given that the latter, though also desirable, must be  (indifferent to)  the limits imposed by the rights and freedom of others. 
Individual freedom of thought should be  (curtailed)  more absolutely than individual freedom of action, given that the latter, though also desirable, must be  (conscious of)  the limits imposed by the rights and freedom of others. 

Their  (selflessness)  was expressed in quotidian behavior: they worshipped regularly,  (reserving to)  all the regenerative processes of nature respect, and even awe. 
Their  (moderation)  was expressed in quotidian behavior: they worshipped regularly,  (extending to)  all the regenerative processes of nature respect, and even awe. 
Their  (reverence)  was expressed in quotidian behavior: they worshipped regularly,  (exacting from)  all the regenerative processes of nature respect, and even awe. 
Their  (piety)  was expressed in quotidian behavior: they worshipped regularly,  (according)  all the regenerative processes of nature respect, and even awe. 
Their  (serenity)  was expressed in quotidian behavior: they worshipped regularly,  (refusing)  all the regenerative processes of nature respect, and even awe. 

My family often found others laughable, but I learned quite early to be  (polite)  while people were present, laughing only later at what was funny and mocking what to us seemed  (bizarre)  
My family often found others laughable, but I learned quite early to be  (impatient)  while people were present, laughing only later at what was funny and mocking what to us seemed  (unfortunate)  
My family often found others laughable, but I learned quite early to be  (facetious)  while people were present, laughing only later at what was funny and mocking what to us seemed  (enviable)  
My family often found others laughable, but I learned quite early to be  (wistful)  while people were present, laughing only later at what was funny and mocking what to us seemed  (extraordinary)  
My family often found others laughable, but I learned quite early to be  (superficial)  while people were present, laughing only later at what was funny and mocking what to us seemed  (deplorable)  

The technical know-how, if not the political  (will)  appears already at hand to feed the world's exploding population and so to  (weaken)  at last the ancient scourges of malnutrition and famine. 
The technical know-how, if not the political  (expertise)  appears already at hand to feed the world's exploding population and so to  (articulate)  at last the ancient scourges of malnutrition and famine. 
The technical know-how, if not the political  (doubt)  appears already at hand to feed the world's exploding population and so to  (banish)  at last the ancient scourges of malnutrition and famine. 
The technical know-how, if not the political  (power)  appears already at hand to feed the world's exploding population and so to  (denounce)  at last the ancient scourges of malnutrition and famine. 
The technical know-how, if not the political  (commitment)  appears already at hand to feed the world's exploding population and so to  (eradicate)  at last the ancient scourges of malnutrition and famine. 

In small farming communities, accident victims rarely sue or demand compensation: transforming a personal injury into a  (conspiracy against)  someone else is viewed as an attempt to  (assume)  responsibility for one's own actions. 
In small farming communities, accident victims rarely sue or demand compensation: transforming a personal injury into a  (claim against)  someone else is viewed as an attempt to  (elude)  responsibility for one's own actions. 
In small farming communities, accident victims rarely sue or demand compensation: transforming a personal injury into a  (boon for)  someone else is viewed as an attempt to  (minimize)  responsibility for one's own actions. 
In small farming communities, accident victims rarely sue or demand compensation: transforming a personal injury into a  (distinction for)  someone else is viewed as an attempt to  (shift)  responsibility for one's own actions. 
In small farming communities, accident victims rarely sue or demand compensation: transforming a personal injury into a  (trauma for)  someone else is viewed as an attempt to  (proclaim)  responsibility for one's own actions. 

Dominant interests often benefit most from  (intensification)  of governmental interference in business, since they are able to take care of themselves if left alone. 
Dominant interests often benefit most from  (authorization)  of governmental interference in business, since they are able to take care of themselves if left alone. 
Dominant interests often benefit most from  (centralization)  of governmental interference in business, since they are able to take care of themselves if left alone. 
Dominant interests often benefit most from  (improvisation)  of governmental interference in business, since they are able to take care of themselves if left alone. 
Dominant interests often benefit most from  (elimination)  of governmental interference in business, since they are able to take care of themselves if left alone. 

The "impostor syndrome" often afflicts those who fear that true self-disclosure will lower them in others' esteem; rightly handled, however,  (willfulness)  may actually  (consolidate)  one's standing. 
The "impostor syndrome" often afflicts those who fear that true self-disclosure will lower them in others' esteem; rightly handled, however,  (imposture)  may actually  (undermine)  one's standing. 
The "impostor syndrome" often afflicts those who fear that true self-disclosure will lower them in others' esteem; rightly handled, however,  (affectation)  may actually  (jeopardize)  one's standing. 
The "impostor syndrome" often afflicts those who fear that true self-disclosure will lower them in others' esteem; rightly handled, however,  (candor)  may actually  (enhance)  one's standing. 
The "impostor syndrome" often afflicts those who fear that true self-disclosure will lower them in others' esteem; rightly handled, however,  (mimicry)  may actually  (efface)  one's standing. 

The pungent verbal give-and-take among the characters makes the novel  (disturbing)  reading, and this very  (flatness)  suggests to me that some of the opinions voiced may be the author's. 
The pungent verbal give-and-take among the characters makes the novel  (tedious)  reading, and this very  (inventiveness)  suggests to me that some of the opinions voiced may be the author's. 
The pungent verbal give-and-take among the characters makes the novel  (lively)  reading, and this very  (spiritedness)  suggests to me that some of the opinions voiced may be the author's. 
The pungent verbal give-and-take among the characters makes the novel  (necessary)  reading, and this very  (steadiness)  suggests to me that some of the opinions voiced may be the author's. 
The pungent verbal give-and-take among the characters makes the novel  (rewarding)  reading, and this very  (frivolousness)  suggests to me that some of the opinions voiced may be the author's. 

The fortress like facade of the Museum of Cartoon Art seems calculated to remind visitors that the comic strip is an art form that has often been  (charmed)  by critics
The fortress like facade of the Museum of Cartoon Art seems calculated to remind visitors that the comic strip is an art form that has often been  (assailed)  by critics
The fortress like facade of the Museum of Cartoon Art seems calculated to remind visitors that the comic strip is an art form that has often been  (unnoticed)  by critics
The fortress like facade of the Museum of Cartoon Art seems calculated to remind visitors that the comic strip is an art form that has often been  (exhilarated)  by critics
The fortress like facade of the Museum of Cartoon Art seems calculated to remind visitors that the comic strip is an art form that has often been  (overwhelmed)  by critics

The fact that a theory is  (plausible)  does not necessarily  (ensure)  its scientific truth, which must be established by unbiased controlled studies. 
The fact that a theory is  (popular)  does not necessarily  (limit)  its scientific truth, which must be established by unbiased controlled studies. 
The fact that a theory is  (venerable)  does not necessarily  (override)  its scientific truth, which must be established by unbiased controlled studies. 
The fact that a theory is  (cohesive)  does not necessarily  (undermine)  its scientific truth, which must be established by unbiased controlled studies. 
The fact that a theory is  (cumbersome)  does not necessarily  (alleviate)  its scientific truth, which must be established by unbiased controlled studies. 

It is difficult to distinguish between the things that charismatic figures do  (formally)  and those that are carefully contrived for effect. 
It is difficult to distinguish between the things that charismatic figures do  (publicly)  and those that are carefully contrived for effect. 
It is difficult to distinguish between the things that charismatic figures do  (prolifically)  and those that are carefully contrived for effect. 
It is difficult to distinguish between the things that charismatic figures do  (spontaneously)  and those that are carefully contrived for effect. 
It is difficult to distinguish between the things that charismatic figures do  (willfully)  and those that are carefully contrived for effect. 

The development of containers, possibly made from bark or the skins of animals, although this is a matter of  (record) , allowed the extensive sharing of forage foods in prehistoric human societies. 
The development of containers, possibly made from bark or the skins of animals, although this is a matter of  (fact) , allowed the extensive sharing of forage foods in prehistoric human societies. 
The development of containers, possibly made from bark or the skins of animals, although this is a matter of  (degree) , allowed the extensive sharing of forage foods in prehistoric human societies. 
The development of containers, possibly made from bark or the skins of animals, although this is a matter of  (importance) , allowed the extensive sharing of forage foods in prehistoric human societies. 
The development of containers, possibly made from bark or the skins of animals, although this is a matter of  (conjecture) , allowed the extensive sharing of forage foods in prehistoric human societies. 

Although the young violinist's  (spectacular)  performance, with the orchestra demonstrated his technical competence. his uninspired style and lack of interpretive maturity labeled him as a novice musician rather than as a truly  (conventional)  performer. 
Although the young violinist's  (blundering)  performance, with the orchestra demonstrated his technical competence. his uninspired style and lack of interpretive maturity labeled him as a novice musician rather than as a truly  (artistic)  performer. 
Although the young violinist's  (marginal)  performance, with the orchestra demonstrated his technical competence. his uninspired style and lack of interpretive maturity labeled him as a novice musician rather than as a truly  (inept)  performer. 
Although the young violinist's  (steady)  performance, with the orchestra demonstrated his technical competence. his uninspired style and lack of interpretive maturity labeled him as a novice musician rather than as a truly  (.accomplished)  performer. 
Although the young violinist's  (dazzling)  performance, with the orchestra demonstrated his technical competence. his uninspired style and lack of interpretive maturity labeled him as a novice musician rather than as a truly  (unskilled)  performer. 

Even though political editorializing was not  (restricted)  under the new regime, journalists still experienced  (clear) , though perceptible, governmental pressure to limit dissent. 
Even though political editorializing was not  (encouraged)  under the new regime, journalists still experienced  (strong) , though perceptible, governmental pressure to limit dissent. 
Even though political editorializing was not  (forbidden)  under the new regime, journalists still experienced  (discreet) , though perceptible, governmental pressure to limit dissent. 
Even though political editorializing was not  (commended)  under the new regime, journalists still experienced  (overt) , though perceptible, governmental pressure to limit dissent. 
Even though political editorializing was not  (permitted)  under the new regime, journalists still experienced  (regular) , though perceptible, governmental pressure to limit dissent. 

The trick for Michael was to  (explore with)  his son an illusory orderliness; only alone at night, when the boy was asleep, could Michael  (demonstrate)  the chaos he kept hidden from his son. 
The trick for Michael was to  (conjure for)  his son an illusory orderliness; only alone at night, when the boy was asleep, could Michael  (acknowledge)  the chaos he kept hidden from his son. 
The trick for Michael was to  (conceal from)  his son an illusory orderliness; only alone at night, when the boy was asleep, could Michael  (dispel)  the chaos he kept hidden from his son. 
The trick for Michael was to  (demystify for)  his son an illusory orderliness; only alone at night, when the boy was asleep, could Michael  (escape)  the chaos he kept hidden from his son. 
The trick for Michael was to  (endure with)  his son an illusory orderliness; only alone at night, when the boy was asleep, could Michael  (abandon)  the chaos he kept hidden from his son. 

The  (striking)  costumes of Renaissance Italy, with their gold and silver embroidery and figured brocades, were the antithesis of Spanish  (obliqueness) , with its dark muted colors, plain short capes, and high collars edged with small ruffs. 
The  (extravagant)  costumes of Renaissance Italy, with their gold and silver embroidery and figured brocades, were the antithesis of Spanish  (profligacy) , with its dark muted colors, plain short capes, and high collars edged with small ruffs. 
The  (austere)  costumes of Renaissance Italy, with their gold and silver embroidery and figured brocades, were the antithesis of Spanish  (informality) , with its dark muted colors, plain short capes, and high collars edged with small ruffs. 
The  (unpretentious)  costumes of Renaissance Italy, with their gold and silver embroidery and figured brocades, were the antithesis of Spanish  (asceticism) , with its dark muted colors, plain short capes, and high collars edged with small ruffs. 
The  (sumptuous)  costumes of Renaissance Italy, with their gold and silver embroidery and figured brocades, were the antithesis of Spanish  (sobriety) , with its dark muted colors, plain short capes, and high collars edged with small ruffs. 

According to the newspaper critic, the performances at the talent contest last night  (varied)  from acceptable to excellent. 
According to the newspaper critic, the performances at the talent contest last night  (receded)  from acceptable to excellent. 
According to the newspaper critic, the performances at the talent contest last night  (swept)  from acceptable to excellent. 
According to the newspaper critic, the performances at the talent contest last night  (averaged)  from acceptable to excellent. 
According to the newspaper critic, the performances at the talent contest last night  (declined)  from acceptable to excellent. 

For more than a century, geologists have felt comfortable with the idea that geological processes, although very  (minute) , are also  (sporadic)  and so are capable of shaping he Earth, given enough dine. 
For more than a century, geologists have felt comfortable with the idea that geological processes, although very  (slow) , are also  (steady)  and so are capable of shaping he Earth, given enough dine. 
For more than a century, geologists have felt comfortable with the idea that geological processes, although very  (complex) , are also  (discernible)  and so are capable of shaping he Earth, given enough dine. 
For more than a century, geologists have felt comfortable with the idea that geological processes, although very  (unpredictable) , are also  (constant)  and so are capable of shaping he Earth, given enough dine. 
For more than a century, geologists have felt comfortable with the idea that geological processes, although very  (ponderous) , are also  (intermittent)  and so are capable of shaping he Earth, given enough dine. 

While not  (brimming)  with the colorfully obvious forms of life that are found in a tropical rain forest, the desert is  (foreign)  to a surprisingly large number of species. 
While not  (endowed)  with the colorfully obvious forms of life that are found in a tropical rain forest, the desert is  (detrimental)  to a surprisingly large number of species. 
While not  (imbued)  with the colorfully obvious forms of life that are found in a tropical rain forest, the desert is  (hostile)  to a surprisingly large number of species. 
While not  (teeming)  with the colorfully obvious forms of life that are found in a tropical rain forest, the desert is  (host)  to a surprisingly large number of species. 
While not  (confronted)  with the colorfully obvious forms of life that are found in a tropical rain forest, the desert is  (home)  to a surprisingly large number of species. 

Speakers and listeners are often at odds: language that is easy for the receiver to understand is often difficult to  (estimate) ,and that which is easily formulated can be hard to  (confirm)  
Speakers and listeners are often at odds: language that is easy for the receiver to understand is often difficult to  (transmit) ,and that which is easily formulated can be hard to  (defend)  
Speakers and listeners are often at odds: language that is easy for the receiver to understand is often difficult to  (produce) ,and that which is easily formulated can be hard to  (comprehend)  
Speakers and listeners are often at odds: language that is easy for the receiver to understand is often difficult to  (suppress) ,and that which is easily formulated can be hard to  (ignore)  
Speakers and listeners are often at odds: language that is easy for the receiver to understand is often difficult to  (remember) ,and that which is easily formulated can be hard to  (forget)  

The current demand for quality in the schools seems to ask not for the development of informed and active citizens, but for disciplined and productive workers with abilities that contribute to civic life only  (indirectly) , if at all. 
The current demand for quality in the schools seems to ask not for the development of informed and active citizens, but for disciplined and productive workers with abilities that contribute to civic life only  (politically) , if at all. 
The current demand for quality in the schools seems to ask not for the development of informed and active citizens, but for disciplined and productive workers with abilities that contribute to civic life only  (intellectually) , if at all. 
The current demand for quality in the schools seems to ask not for the development of informed and active citizens, but for disciplined and productive workers with abilities that contribute to civic life only  (sensibly) , if at all. 
The current demand for quality in the schools seems to ask not for the development of informed and active citizens, but for disciplined and productive workers with abilities that contribute to civic life only  (sequentially) , if at all. 

Because of its lack of theaters, the city came, ironically, to be viewed as an  (unprofitable)  theater town, and that reputation led entrepreneurs to believe that it would be  (risky)  to build new theaters there. 
Because of its lack of theaters, the city came, ironically, to be viewed as an  (untapped)  theater town, and that reputation led entrepreneurs to believe that it would be  (pointless)  to build new theaters there. 
Because of its lack of theaters, the city came, ironically, to be viewed as an  (unappreciated)  theater town, and that reputation led entrepreneurs to believe that it would be  (difficult)  to build new theaters there. 
Because of its lack of theaters, the city came, ironically, to be viewed as an  (unlikely)  theater town, and that reputation led entrepreneurs to believe that it would be  (appropriate)  to build new theaters there. 
Because of its lack of theaters, the city came, ironically, to be viewed as an  (unimpressed)  theater town, and that reputation led entrepreneurs to believe that it would be  (shrewd)  to build new theaters there. 

He felt it would be  (charitable) , in view of the intense  (growth)  that would likely follow, to make the sacrifice required in order to gain such little advantage. 
He felt it would be  (welcomed) , in view of the intense  (prejudice)  that would likely follow, to make the sacrifice required in order to gain such little advantage. 
He felt it would be  (futile) , in view of the intense  (encouragement)  that would likely follow, to make the sacrifice required in order to gain such little advantage. 
He felt it would be  (academic) , in view of the intense  (acclaim)  that would likely follow, to make the sacrifice required in order to gain such little advantage. 
He felt it would be  (unrealistic) , in view of the intense  (turmoil)  that would likely follow, to make the sacrifice required in order to gain such little advantage. 

In some cultures the essence of magic is its traditional integrity; it can be efficient only if it has been  (conventionalized)  without loss from primeval times to the present practitioner. 
In some cultures the essence of magic is its traditional integrity; it can be efficient only if it has been  (realized)  without loss from primeval times to the present practitioner. 
In some cultures the essence of magic is its traditional integrity; it can be efficient only if it has been  (transmitted)  without loss from primeval times to the present practitioner. 
In some cultures the essence of magic is its traditional integrity; it can be efficient only if it has been  (manipulated)  without loss from primeval times to the present practitioner. 
In some cultures the essence of magic is its traditional integrity; it can be efficient only if it has been  (aggrandized)  without loss from primeval times to the present practitioner. 

Although skeptics say financial problems will probably  (beset)  our establishing a base on the Moon. Supporters of the project remain  (disillusioned) , saying that human curiosity should overcome such pragmatic constraints. 
Although skeptics say financial problems will probably  (hasten)  our establishing a base on the Moon. Supporters of the project remain  (hopeful) , saying that human curiosity should overcome such pragmatic constraints. 
Although skeptics say financial problems will probably  (postpone)  our establishing a base on the Moon. Supporters of the project remain  (pessimistic) , saying that human curiosity should overcome such pragmatic constraints. 
Although skeptics say financial problems will probably  (prevent)  our establishing a base on the Moon. Supporters of the project remain  (enthusiastic) , saying that human curiosity should overcome such pragmatic constraints. 
Although skeptics say financial problems will probably  (allow)  our establishing a base on the Moon. Supporters of the project remain  (unconvinced) , saying that human curiosity should overcome such pragmatic constraints. 

Before the Second World War, academics still questioned whether the body of literature produced in the United States truly  (symbolized)  a  (local)  literature, or whether such literature was only a provincial branch of English literature. 
Before the Second World War, academics still questioned whether the body of literature produced in the United States truly  (constituted)  a  (national)  literature, or whether such literature was only a provincial branch of English literature. 
Before the Second World War, academics still questioned whether the body of literature produced in the United States truly  (defined)  a  (historical)  literature, or whether such literature was only a provincial branch of English literature. 
Before the Second World War, academics still questioned whether the body of literature produced in the United States truly  (outlined)  a  (good)  literature, or whether such literature was only a provincial branch of English literature. 
Before the Second World War, academics still questioned whether the body of literature produced in the United States truly  (captured)  a  (meaningful)  literature, or whether such literature was only a provincial branch of English literature. 

Many more eighteenth-century novels were written by women than by men, but this dominance has, until very recently, been regarded merely as  (a controversial)  fact, a bit of arcane knowledge noted only by bibliographers. 
Many more eighteenth-century novels were written by women than by men, but this dominance has, until very recently, been regarded merely as  (a statistical)  fact, a bit of arcane knowledge noted only by bibliographers. 
Many more eighteenth-century novels were written by women than by men, but this dominance has, until very recently, been regarded merely as  (an analytical)  fact, a bit of arcane knowledge noted only by bibliographers. 
Many more eighteenth-century novels were written by women than by men, but this dominance has, until very recently, been regarded merely as  (an explicit)  fact, a bit of arcane knowledge noted only by bibliographers. 
Many more eighteenth-century novels were written by women than by men, but this dominance has, until very recently, been regarded merely as  (an unimpeachable)  fact, a bit of arcane knowledge noted only by bibliographers. 

All  (widespread)  biological traits fall into one of two categories: those giving their possessors greater  (detachment from)  the environment and those rendering them more independent of it. 
All  (beneficial)  biological traits fall into one of two categories: those giving their possessors greater  (control over)  the environment and those rendering them more independent of it. 
All  (successful)  biological traits fall into one of two categories: those giving their possessors greater  (freedom from)  the environment and those rendering them more independent of it. 
All  (neutral)  biological traits fall into one of two categories: those giving their possessors greater  (compatibility with)  the environment and those rendering them more independent of it. 
All  (harmful)  biological traits fall into one of two categories: those giving their possessors greater  (advantage in)  the environment and those rendering them more independent of it. 

One of archaeology's central dilemmas is how to reconstruct the  (riddles)  of complex ancient societies from meager and often  (obsolete)  physical evidence. 
One of archaeology's central dilemmas is how to reconstruct the  (details)  of complex ancient societies from meager and often  (irrefutable)  physical evidence. 
One of archaeology's central dilemmas is how to reconstruct the  (intricacies)  of complex ancient societies from meager and often  (equivocal)  physical evidence. 
One of archaeology's central dilemmas is how to reconstruct the  (patterns)  of complex ancient societies from meager and often  (flawless)  physical evidence. 
One of archaeology's central dilemmas is how to reconstruct the  (configurations)  of complex ancient societies from meager and often  (explicit)  physical evidence. 

Just as the authors' book on eels is often a key text for courses in marine vertebrate zoology, their ideas on animal development and phylogeny  (prevent)  teaching in this area. 
Just as the authors' book on eels is often a key text for courses in marine vertebrate zoology, their ideas on animal development and phylogeny  (defy)  teaching in this area. 
Just as the authors' book on eels is often a key text for courses in marine vertebrate zoology, their ideas on animal development and phylogeny  (replicate)  teaching in this area. 
Just as the authors' book on eels is often a key text for courses in marine vertebrate zoology, their ideas on animal development and phylogeny  (inform)  teaching in this area. 
Just as the authors' book on eels is often a key text for courses in marine vertebrate zoology, their ideas on animal development and phylogeny  (use)  teaching in this area. 

If those large publishers that respond solely to popular literary trends continue to dominate the publishing market, the initial publication of new writers will depend on the writers' willingness to  (struggle against)  popular tastes. 
If those large publishers that respond solely to popular literary trends continue to dominate the publishing market, the initial publication of new writers will depend on the writers' willingness to  (cater to)  popular tastes. 
If those large publishers that respond solely to popular literary trends continue to dominate the publishing market, the initial publication of new writers will depend on the writers' willingness to  (admire)  popular tastes. 
If those large publishers that respond solely to popular literary trends continue to dominate the publishing market, the initial publication of new writers will depend on the writers' willingness to  (flout)  popular tastes. 
If those large publishers that respond solely to popular literary trends continue to dominate the publishing market, the initial publication of new writers will depend on the writers' willingness to  (elude)  popular tastes. 

Candidates who oppose the present state income tax must be able to propose  (intelligent)  ways to  (initiate)  the financing of state operations. 
Candidates who oppose the present state income tax must be able to propose  (individual)  ways to  (diversify)  the financing of state operations. 
Candidates who oppose the present state income tax must be able to propose  (innovative)  ways to  (alleviate)  the financing of state operations. 
Candidates who oppose the present state income tax must be able to propose  (arbitrary)  ways to  (maintain)  the financing of state operations. 
Candidates who oppose the present state income tax must be able to propose  (alternate)  ways to  (continue)  the financing of state operations. 

Although strong legal remedies for nonpayment of child support are  (unpopular)  , the delay and expense associated with these remedies make it  (useful)  to develop other options. 
Although strong legal remedies for nonpayment of child support are  (required)  , the delay and expense associated with these remedies make it  (impossible)  to develop other options. 
Although strong legal remedies for nonpayment of child support are  (available)  , the delay and expense associated with these remedies make it  (imperative)  to develop other options. 
Although strong legal remedies for nonpayment of child support are  (unavailing)  , the delay and expense associated with these remedies make it  (impractical)  to develop other options. 
Although strong legal remedies for nonpayment of child support are  (nonexistent)  , the delay and expense associated with these remedies make it  (ridiculous)  to develop other options. 

Calculus, though still indispensable to science and technology, is no longer  (preeminent)  ; it has an equal partner called discrete mathematics. 
Calculus, though still indispensable to science and technology, is no longer  (pertinent)  ; it has an equal partner called discrete mathematics. 
Calculus, though still indispensable to science and technology, is no longer  (beneficial)  ; it has an equal partner called discrete mathematics. 
Calculus, though still indispensable to science and technology, is no longer  (essential)  ; it has an equal partner called discrete mathematics. 
Calculus, though still indispensable to science and technology, is no longer  (pragmatic)  ; it has an equal partner called discrete mathematics. 

Demonstrating a mastery of innuendo, he issued several  (blunt)  insults in the course of the evening's conversation. 
Demonstrating a mastery of innuendo, he issued several  (boisterous)  insults in the course of the evening's conversation. 
Demonstrating a mastery of innuendo, he issued several  (fallacious)  insults in the course of the evening's conversation. 
Demonstrating a mastery of innuendo, he issued several  (veiled)  insults in the course of the evening's conversation. 
Demonstrating a mastery of innuendo, he issued several  (embellished)  insults in the course of the evening's conversation. 

The  (distortion)  of gamblers' unsuccessful decision strategies is one  (outcome)  of the illusions built into games of chance in order to misguide players and take their money. 
The  (restriction)  of gamblers' unsuccessful decision strategies is one  (result)  of the illusions built into games of chance in order to misguide players and take their money. 
The  (maintenance)  of gamblers' unsuccessful decision strategies is one  (function)  of the illusions built into games of chance in order to misguide players and take their money. 
The  (prediction)  of gamblers' unsuccessful decision strategies is one  (accomplishment)  of the illusions built into games of chance in order to misguide players and take their money. 
The  (demonstration)  of gamblers' unsuccessful decision strategies is one  (prerequisite)  of the illusions built into games of chance in order to misguide players and take their money. 

The natures of social history and lyric poetry are  (predetermined)  , social history always recounting the  (bygone)  and lyric poetry speaking for unchanging human nature, that timeless essence beyond fashion and economics. 
The natures of social history and lyric poetry are  (antithetical)  , social history always recounting the  (evanescent)  and lyric poetry speaking for unchanging human nature, that timeless essence beyond fashion and economics. 
The natures of social history and lyric poetry are  (interdependent)  , social history always recounting the  (unnoticed)  and lyric poetry speaking for unchanging human nature, that timeless essence beyond fashion and economics. 
The natures of social history and lyric poetry are  (irreconcilable)  , social history always recounting the  (unalterable)  and lyric poetry speaking for unchanging human nature, that timeless essence beyond fashion and economics. 
The natures of social history and lyric poetry are  (indistinguishable)  , social history always recounting the  (transitory)  and lyric poetry speaking for unchanging human nature, that timeless essence beyond fashion and economics. 

Exposure to low-intensity gamma radiation slows the rate of growth of the spoilage microorganisms in food in much the same way that the low heat used in pasteurization  (precludes)  the spoilage action of the microorganisms in milk. 
Exposure to low-intensity gamma radiation slows the rate of growth of the spoilage microorganisms in food in much the same way that the low heat used in pasteurization  (initiates)  the spoilage action of the microorganisms in milk. 
Exposure to low-intensity gamma radiation slows the rate of growth of the spoilage microorganisms in food in much the same way that the low heat used in pasteurization  (inhibits)  the spoilage action of the microorganisms in milk. 
Exposure to low-intensity gamma radiation slows the rate of growth of the spoilage microorganisms in food in much the same way that the low heat used in pasteurization  (isolates)  the spoilage action of the microorganisms in milk. 
Exposure to low-intensity gamma radiation slows the rate of growth of the spoilage microorganisms in food in much the same way that the low heat used in pasteurization  (purifies)  the spoilage action of the microorganisms in milk. 

In today's world, manufacturers' innovations are easily copied and thus differences between products are usually  (crucial) ; advertisers, therefore, are forced to  (downplay)  these differences in order to suggest the uniqueness of their clients' products. 
In today's world, manufacturers' innovations are easily copied and thus differences between products are usually  (minimal) ; advertisers, therefore, are forced to  (reduce)  these differences in order to suggest the uniqueness of their clients' products. 
In today's world, manufacturers' innovations are easily copied and thus differences between products are usually  (slight) ; advertisers, therefore, are forced to  (exaggerate)  these differences in order to suggest the uniqueness of their clients' products. 
In today's world, manufacturers' innovations are easily copied and thus differences between products are usually  (common) ; advertisers, therefore, are forced to  (emphasize)  these differences in order to suggest the uniqueness of their clients' products. 
In today's world, manufacturers' innovations are easily copied and thus differences between products are usually  (intrinsic) ; advertisers, therefore, are forced to  (create)  these differences in order to suggest the uniqueness of their clients' products. 

To avoid annihilation by parasites, some caterpillars are able to  (curtail)  periods of active growth by prematurely entering a dormant state, which is characterized by the  (suspension)  of feeding. 
To avoid annihilation by parasites, some caterpillars are able to  (foster)  periods of active growth by prematurely entering a dormant state, which is characterized by the  (continuation)  of feeding. 
To avoid annihilation by parasites, some caterpillars are able to  (prevent)  periods of active growth by prematurely entering a dormant state, which is characterized by the  (stimulation)  of feeding. 
To avoid annihilation by parasites, some caterpillars are able to  (mediate)  periods of active growth by prematurely entering a dormant state, which is characterized by the  (synthesis)  of feeding. 
To avoid annihilation by parasites, some caterpillars are able to  (invert)  periods of active growth by prematurely entering a dormant state, which is characterized by the  (simulation)  of feeding. 

Prior to the work of Heckel, illustrations of fish were often beautiful but rarely  (impressive) ; this fact, combined with the  (inaccurate)  nature of most nineteenth-century taxonomic descriptions, often kept scientists from recognizing differences between species. 
Prior to the work of Heckel, illustrations of fish were often beautiful but rarely  (realistic) ; this fact, combined with the  (detailed)  nature of most nineteenth-century taxonomic descriptions, often kept scientists from recognizing differences between species. 
Prior to the work of Heckel, illustrations of fish were often beautiful but rarely  (traditional) ; this fact, combined with the  (progressive)  nature of most nineteenth-century taxonomic descriptions, often kept scientists from recognizing differences between species. 
Prior to the work of Heckel, illustrations of fish were often beautiful but rarely  (precise) ; this fact, combined with the  (inexact)  nature of most nineteenth-century taxonomic descriptions, often kept scientists from recognizing differences between species. 
Prior to the work of Heckel, illustrations of fish were often beautiful but rarely  (distinctive) ; this fact, combined with the  (sophisticated)  nature of most nineteenth-century taxonomic descriptions, often kept scientists from recognizing differences between species. 

Experienced and proficient, Susan is a good,  (virtuoso)  trumpeter her music is often more satisfying than Carol's brilliant but  (inimitable)  playing. 
Experienced and proficient, Susan is a good,  (mediocre)  trumpeter her music is often more satisfying than Carol's brilliant but  (eccentric)  playing. 
Experienced and proficient, Susan is a good,  (competent)  trumpeter her music is often more satisfying than Carol's brilliant but  (influential)  playing. 
Experienced and proficient, Susan is a good,  (amateur)  trumpeter her music is often more satisfying than Carol's brilliant but  (renowned)  playing. 
Experienced and proficient, Susan is a good,  (reliable)  trumpeter her music is often more satisfying than Carol's brilliant but  (erratic)  playing. 

In the midst of so many evasive comments, this forthright statement, whatever its intrinsic merit, plainly stands out as  (a paradigm)  
In the midst of so many evasive comments, this forthright statement, whatever its intrinsic merit, plainly stands out as  (a misnomer)  
In the midst of so many evasive comments, this forthright statement, whatever its intrinsic merit, plainly stands out as  (a profundity)  
In the midst of so many evasive comments, this forthright statement, whatever its intrinsic merit, plainly stands out as  (an inaccuracy)  
In the midst of so many evasive comments, this forthright statement, whatever its intrinsic merit, plainly stands out as  (an anomaly)  

Marshall's confrontational style could alienate almost anyone: he even antagonized a board of directors that included a number of his supporters and that had a reputation for not being easily  (intimidated)  
Marshall's confrontational style could alienate almost anyone: he even antagonized a board of directors that included a number of his supporters and that had a reputation for not being easily  (mollified)  
Marshall's confrontational style could alienate almost anyone: he even antagonized a board of directors that included a number of his supporters and that had a reputation for not being easily  (reconciled)  
Marshall's confrontational style could alienate almost anyone: he even antagonized a board of directors that included a number of his supporters and that had a reputation for not being easily  (provoked)  
Marshall's confrontational style could alienate almost anyone: he even antagonized a board of directors that included a number of his supporters and that had a reputation for not being easily  (motivated)  

Paradoxically, England's colonization of North America was  (demonstrated)  by its success: the increasing prosperity of the colonies diminished their dependence upon, and hence their loyalty to, their home country. 
Paradoxically, England's colonization of North America was  (determined)  by its success: the increasing prosperity of the colonies diminished their dependence upon, and hence their loyalty to, their home country. 
Paradoxically, England's colonization of North America was  (altered)  by its success: the increasing prosperity of the colonies diminished their dependence upon, and hence their loyalty to, their home country. 
Paradoxically, England's colonization of North America was  (undermined)  by its success: the increasing prosperity of the colonies diminished their dependence upon, and hence their loyalty to, their home country. 
Paradoxically, England's colonization of North America was  (distinguished)  by its success: the increasing prosperity of the colonies diminished their dependence upon, and hence their loyalty to, their home country. 

Although Harry Stack Sullivan is one of the most influential social scientists of this century, his ideas are now so  (novel)  in our society that they seem almost  (antiquated)  
Although Harry Stack Sullivan is one of the most influential social scientists of this century, his ideas are now so  (revolutionary)  in our society that they seem almost  (fundamental)  
Although Harry Stack Sullivan is one of the most influential social scientists of this century, his ideas are now so  (commonplace)  in our society that they seem almost  (banal)  
Although Harry Stack Sullivan is one of the most influential social scientists of this century, his ideas are now so  (disputed)  in our society that they seem almost  (esoteric)  
Although Harry Stack Sullivan is one of the most influential social scientists of this century, his ideas are now so  (obscure)  in our society that they seem almost  (familiar)  

Her first concert appearance was disappointingly perfunctory and derivative, rather than the (talented)  performance in the  (tenuous) style we had anticipated. 
Her first concert appearance was disappointingly perfunctory and derivative, rather than the (prosaic)  performance in the  (classic) style we had anticipated. 
Her first concert appearance was disappointingly perfunctory and derivative, rather than the (artistic)  performance in the  (mechanical) style we had anticipated. 
Her first concert appearance was disappointingly perfunctory and derivative, rather than the (inspired)  performance in the  (innovative) style we had anticipated. 
Her first concert appearance was disappointingly perfunctory and derivative, rather than the (literal)  performance in the  (enlightened) style we had anticipated. 

As is often the case with collections of lectures by  (different)  authors, the book as a whole is  (disconnected) , although the individual contributions are outstanding in themselves. 
As is often the case with collections of lectures by  (incompetent)  authors, the book as a whole is  (abysmal) , although the individual contributions are outstanding in themselves. 
As is often the case with collections of lectures by  (famous)  authors, the book as a whole is  (systematic) , although the individual contributions are outstanding in themselves. 
As is often the case with collections of lectures by  (mediocre)  authors, the book as a whole is  (unexciting) , although the individual contributions are outstanding in themselves. 
As is often the case with collections of lectures by  (various)  authors, the book as a whole is  (coherent) , although the individual contributions are outstanding in themselves. 

Although some consider forcefulness and  (promptness)  to be two traits desirable to the same degree, I think that making a violent effort is much less useful than maintaining a steady one. 
Although some consider forcefulness and  (persistence)  to be two traits desirable to the same degree, I think that making a violent effort is much less useful than maintaining a steady one. 
Although some consider forcefulness and  (aggression)  to be two traits desirable to the same degree, I think that making a violent effort is much less useful than maintaining a steady one. 
Although some consider forcefulness and  (skillfulness)  to be two traits desirable to the same degree, I think that making a violent effort is much less useful than maintaining a steady one. 
Although some consider forcefulness and  (lucidity)  to be two traits desirable to the same degree, I think that making a violent effort is much less useful than maintaining a steady one. 

The popularity of pseudoscience and quack medicines in the nineteenth century suggests that people were very (cautious)  but the gullibility of the public today makes citizens of yesterday look like hard-nosed  (educators)  
The popularity of pseudoscience and quack medicines in the nineteenth century suggests that people were very (sophisticated)  but the gullibility of the public today makes citizens of yesterday look like hard-nosed  (realists)  
The popularity of pseudoscience and quack medicines in the nineteenth century suggests that people were very (rational)  but the gullibility of the public today makes citizens of yesterday look like hard-nosed  (pragmatists)  
The popularity of pseudoscience and quack medicines in the nineteenth century suggests that people were very (naive)  but the gullibility of the public today makes citizens of yesterday look like hard-nosed  (idealists)  
The popularity of pseudoscience and quack medicines in the nineteenth century suggests that people were very (credulous)  but the gullibility of the public today makes citizens of yesterday look like hard-nosed  (skeptics)  

Though extremely  (idiosyncratic)  about his own plans, the man allowed his associates no such privacy and was constantly  (altering)  information about what they intended to do next. 
Though extremely  (guarded)  about his own plans, the man allowed his associates no such privacy and was constantly  (eschewing)  information about what they intended to do next. 
Though extremely  (candid)  about his own plans, the man allowed his associates no such privacy and was constantly  (uncovering)  information about what they intended to do next. 
Though extremely  (reticent)  about his own plans, the man allowed his associates no such privacy and was constantly  (soliciting)  information about what they intended to do next. 
Though extremely  (fastidious)  about his own plans, the man allowed his associates no such privacy and was constantly  (ruining)  information about what they intended to do next. 

Having sufficient income of her own constituted for Alice (a material)  independence that made possible a degree of (security)  in her emotional life as well. 
Having sufficient income of her own constituted for Alice (a profound)  independence that made possible a degree of (conformity)  in her emotional life as well. 
Having sufficient income of her own constituted for Alice (a financial)  independence that made possible a degree of (economy)  in her emotional life as well. 
Having sufficient income of her own constituted for Alice (a psychological)  independence that made possible a degree of (extravagance)  in her emotional life as well. 
Having sufficient income of her own constituted for Alice (an unexpected)  independence that made possible a degree of (uncertainty)  in her emotional life as well. 

Copyright and patent laws attempt to encourage innovation by ensuring that inventors are paid for creative, so it would be (desirable)  if expanded protection under these laws discouraged entrepreneurial innovation by increasing fears of lawsuits. 
Copyright and patent laws attempt to encourage innovation by ensuring that inventors are paid for creative, so it would be (coincidental)  if expanded protection under these laws discouraged entrepreneurial innovation by increasing fears of lawsuits. 
Copyright and patent laws attempt to encourage innovation by ensuring that inventors are paid for creative, so it would be (ironic)  if expanded protection under these laws discouraged entrepreneurial innovation by increasing fears of lawsuits. 
Copyright and patent laws attempt to encourage innovation by ensuring that inventors are paid for creative, so it would be (natural)  if expanded protection under these laws discouraged entrepreneurial innovation by increasing fears of lawsuits. 
Copyright and patent laws attempt to encourage innovation by ensuring that inventors are paid for creative, so it would be (sensible)  if expanded protection under these laws discouraged entrepreneurial innovation by increasing fears of lawsuits. 

Unfortunately, since courses in nutrition are often  (questioned by)  medical school curriculums. a family physician is (encouraged)  to be an enlightening source of general information about diet. 
Unfortunately, since courses in nutrition are often  (encountered among)  medical school curriculums. a family physician is (unable)  to be an enlightening source of general information about diet. 
Unfortunately, since courses in nutrition are often  (unappreciated by)  medical school curriculums. a family physician is (expected)  to be an enlightening source of general information about diet. 
Unfortunately, since courses in nutrition are often  (neglected in)  medical school curriculums. a family physician is (unlikely)  to be an enlightening source of general information about diet. 
Unfortunately, since courses in nutrition are often  (squeezed into)  medical school curriculums. a family physician is (intended)  to be an enlightening source of general information about diet. 

The success of science is due in great part to its emphasis on  (causality) : the reliance on evidence rather than  (experimentation)  and the willingness to draw conclusions even when they conflict with traditional beliefs. 
The success of science is due in great part to its emphasis on  (empiricism) : the reliance on evidence rather than  (facts)  and the willingness to draw conclusions even when they conflict with traditional beliefs. 
The success of science is due in great part to its emphasis on  (objectivity) : the reliance on evidence rather than  (preconceptions)  and the willingness to draw conclusions even when they conflict with traditional beliefs. 
The success of science is due in great part to its emphasis on  (creativity) : the reliance on evidence rather than  (observation)  and the willingness to draw conclusions even when they conflict with traditional beliefs. 
The success of science is due in great part to its emphasis on  (conservatism) : the reliance on evidence rather than  (assumptions)  and the willingness to draw conclusions even when they conflict with traditional beliefs. 

James had idolized the professor so much for so long that even after lunching with her several times he remained quite  (pleased)  in her presence, and as a result, he could not really be himself. 
James had idolized the professor so much for so long that even after lunching with her several times he remained quite  (disregarded)  in her presence, and as a result, he could not really be himself. 
James had idolized the professor so much for so long that even after lunching with her several times he remained quite  (heartened)  in her presence, and as a result, he could not really be himself. 
James had idolized the professor so much for so long that even after lunching with her several times he remained quite  (relaxed)  in her presence, and as a result, he could not really be himself. 
James had idolized the professor so much for so long that even after lunching with her several times he remained quite  (inhibited)  in her presence, and as a result, he could not really be himself. 

However  (subservient)  they might be, Roman poets were bound to have some favorite earlier author whom they would  (imitate)  
However  (independent)  they might be, Roman poets were bound to have some favorite earlier author whom they would  (inspire)  
However  (original)  they might be, Roman poets were bound to have some favorite earlier author whom they would  (emulate)  
However  (creative)  they might be, Roman poets were bound to have some favorite earlier author whom they would  (admire)  
However  (talented)  they might be, Roman poets were bound to have some favorite earlier author whom they would  (neglect)  

Human nature and long distances have made exceeding the speed limit a  (disquieting)  tradition in the state, so the legislators surprised no one when, acceding to public practice, they  (endorsed)  increased penalties for speeding. 
Human nature and long distances have made exceeding the speed limit a  (long-standing)  tradition in the state, so the legislators surprised no one when, acceding to public practice, they  (considered)  increased penalties for speeding. 
Human nature and long distances have made exceeding the speed limit a  (controversial)  tradition in the state, so the legislators surprised no one when, acceding to public practice, they  (suggested)  increased penalties for speeding. 
Human nature and long distances have made exceeding the speed limit a  (cherished)  tradition in the state, so the legislators surprised no one when, acceding to public practice, they  (rejected)  increased penalties for speeding. 
Human nature and long distances have made exceeding the speed limit a  (hallowed)  tradition in the state, so the legislators surprised no one when, acceding to public practice, they  (investigated)  increased penalties for speeding. 

Though environmentalists have targeted some herbicides as potentially dangerous, the manufacturers, to the environmentalists' dismay,  (defy)  the use of these herbicides on lawns. 
Though environmentalists have targeted some herbicides as potentially dangerous, the manufacturers, to the environmentalists' dismay,  (defer)  the use of these herbicides on lawns. 
Though environmentalists have targeted some herbicides as potentially dangerous, the manufacturers, to the environmentalists' dismay,  (defend)  the use of these herbicides on lawns. 
Though environmentalists have targeted some herbicides as potentially dangerous, the manufacturers, to the environmentalists' dismay,  (assail)  the use of these herbicides on lawns. 
Though environmentalists have targeted some herbicides as potentially dangerous, the manufacturers, to the environmentalists' dismay,  (disparage)  the use of these herbicides on lawns. 

To believe that a culture's achievement can be measured by the  (nature)  of its written material requires one to accept that a page of junk mail is as  (readable)  as a page of great literature. 
To believe that a culture's achievement can be measured by the  (quality)  of its written material requires one to accept that a page of junk mail is as  (prevalent)  as a page of great literature. 
To believe that a culture's achievement can be measured by the  (timelessness)  of its written material requires one to accept that a page of junk mail is as  (understandable)  as a page of great literature. 
To believe that a culture's achievement can be measured by the  (applicability)  of its written material requires one to accept that a page of junk mail is as  (eloquent)  as a page of great literature. 
To believe that a culture's achievement can be measured by the  (volume)  of its written material requires one to accept that a page of junk mail is as  (valuable)  as a page of great literature. 

Given the failure of independent laboratories to replicate the results of Dr. Johnson's experiment, only the most  (fastidious)  supporters of her hypothesis would be foolish enough to claim that it had been adequately  (defined)  
Given the failure of independent laboratories to replicate the results of Dr. Johnson's experiment, only the most  (partisan)  supporters of her hypothesis would be foolish enough to claim that it had been adequately  (verified)  
Given the failure of independent laboratories to replicate the results of Dr. Johnson's experiment, only the most  (vigilant)  supporters of her hypothesis would be foolish enough to claim that it had been adequately  (publicized)  
Given the failure of independent laboratories to replicate the results of Dr. Johnson's experiment, only the most  (enlightened)  supporters of her hypothesis would be foolish enough to claim that it had been adequately  (researched)  
Given the failure of independent laboratories to replicate the results of Dr. Johnson's experiment, only the most  (fervent)  supporters of her hypothesis would be foolish enough to claim that it had been adequately  (undermined)  

Roman historians who study the period 30 B.C. to A.D. 180 can  (decry)  the "Augustan peace" only by failing to recognize that this peace in many respects resembled that of death. 
Roman historians who study the period 30 B.C. to A.D. 180 can  (applaud)  the "Augustan peace" only by failing to recognize that this peace in many respects resembled that of death. 
Roman historians who study the period 30 B.C. to A.D. 180 can  (ridicule)  the "Augustan peace" only by failing to recognize that this peace in many respects resembled that of death. 
Roman historians who study the period 30 B.C. to A.D. 180 can  (demand)  the "Augustan peace" only by failing to recognize that this peace in many respects resembled that of death. 
Roman historians who study the period 30 B.C. to A.D. 180 can  (disprove)  the "Augustan peace" only by failing to recognize that this peace in many respects resembled that of death. 

Although Tom was aware that it would be  (inadvisable)  to display annoyance publicly at the sales conference, he could not  (evince)  his irritation with the client's unreasonable demands. 
Although Tom was aware that it would be  (efficacious)  to display annoyance publicly at the sales conference, he could not  (suppress)  his irritation with the client's unreasonable demands. 
Although Tom was aware that it would be  (pragmatic)  to display annoyance publicly at the sales conference, he could not  (counter)  his irritation with the client's unreasonable demands. 
Although Tom was aware that it would be  (captious)  to display annoyance publicly at the sales conference, he could not  (express)  his irritation with the client's unreasonable demands. 
Although Tom was aware that it would be  (impolitic)  to display annoyance publicly at the sales conference, he could not  (hide)  his irritation with the client's unreasonable demands. 

It is no accident that most people find Davis' book disturbing, for it is  (calculated)  to undermine a number beliefs they have long  (cherished)  
It is no accident that most people find Davis' book disturbing, for it is  (annotated)  to undermine a number beliefs they have long  (assimilated)  
It is no accident that most people find Davis' book disturbing, for it is  (intended)  to undermine a number beliefs they have long  (denied)  
It is no accident that most people find Davis' book disturbing, for it is  (anxious)  to undermine a number beliefs they have long  (misunderstood)  
It is no accident that most people find Davis' book disturbing, for it is  (reputed)  to undermine a number beliefs they have long  (anticipated)  

One virus strain that may help gene therapists cure genetic brain diseases can enter the peripheral nervous system and travel to the brain,  (suggesting)  the need to inject the therapeutic virus directly into the brain. 
One virus strain that may help gene therapists cure genetic brain diseases can enter the peripheral nervous system and travel to the brain,  (intensifying)  the need to inject the therapeutic virus directly into the brain. 
One virus strain that may help gene therapists cure genetic brain diseases can enter the peripheral nervous system and travel to the brain,  (elucidating)  the need to inject the therapeutic virus directly into the brain. 
One virus strain that may help gene therapists cure genetic brain diseases can enter the peripheral nervous system and travel to the brain,  (satisfying)  the need to inject the therapeutic virus directly into the brain. 
One virus strain that may help gene therapists cure genetic brain diseases can enter the peripheral nervous system and travel to the brain,  (obviating)  the need to inject the therapeutic virus directly into the brain. 

Artificial light  (stimulates)  the respiratory activity of some microorganisms in the winter but not in the summer, in part because in the summer their respiration is already at its peak and thus cannot be  (lessened)  
Artificial light  (inhibits)  the respiratory activity of some microorganisms in the winter but not in the summer, in part because in the summer their respiration is already at its peak and thus cannot be  (quickened)  
Artificial light  (reflects)  the respiratory activity of some microorganisms in the winter but not in the summer, in part because in the summer their respiration is already at its peak and thus cannot be  (expanded)  
Artificial light  (elevates)  the respiratory activity of some microorganisms in the winter but not in the summer, in part because in the summer their respiration is already at its peak and thus cannot be  (measured)  
Artificial light  (enhances)  the respiratory activity of some microorganisms in the winter but not in the summer, in part because in the summer their respiration is already at its peak and thus cannot be  (increased)  

Doreen justifiably felt she deserved recognition for the fact that the research institute had been  (reduced to) a position of preeminence, since it was she who had  (controlled)  the transformation. 
Doreen justifiably felt she deserved recognition for the fact that the research institute had been  (raised to) a position of preeminence, since it was she who had  (observed)  the transformation. 
Doreen justifiably felt she deserved recognition for the fact that the research institute had been  (mired in) a position of preeminence, since it was she who had  (imagined)  the transformation. 
Doreen justifiably felt she deserved recognition for the fact that the research institute had been  (maintained in) a position of preeminence, since it was she who had  (created)  the transformation. 
Doreen justifiably felt she deserved recognition for the fact that the research institute had been  (returned to) a position of preeminence, since it was she who had  (directed)  the transformation. 

The prospects of discovering new aspects of the life of a painter as thoroughly studied as Vermeer are not, on the surface (unpromising)  
The prospects of discovering new aspects of the life of a painter as thoroughly studied as Vermeer are not, on the surface (daunting)  
The prospects of discovering new aspects of the life of a painter as thoroughly studied as Vermeer are not, on the surface (encouraging)  
The prospects of discovering new aspects of the life of a painter as thoroughly studied as Vermeer are not, on the surface (superficial)  
The prospects of discovering new aspects of the life of a painter as thoroughly studied as Vermeer are not, on the surface (challenging)  

Even those siblings whose childhood was  (scarred by)  familial feuding and intense rivalry for their parents' affection can nevertheless develop congenial and even  (vitriolic) relationships with each other in their adult lives. 
Even those siblings whose childhood was  (dominated by)  familial feuding and intense rivalry for their parents' affection can nevertheless develop congenial and even  (intimate) relationships with each other in their adult lives. 
Even those siblings whose childhood was  (filled with)  familial feuding and intense rivalry for their parents' affection can nevertheless develop congenial and even  (truculent) relationships with each other in their adult lives. 
Even those siblings whose childhood was  (replete with)  familial feuding and intense rivalry for their parents' affection can nevertheless develop congenial and even  (competitive) relationships with each other in their adult lives. 
Even those siblings whose childhood was  (devoid of)  familial feuding and intense rivalry for their parents' affection can nevertheless develop congenial and even  (tolerant) relationships with each other in their adult lives. 

Because they have been so dazzled by the calendars and the knowledge of astronomy possessed by the Mayan civilization, some anthropologists have  (described)  achievements like the sophisticated carved calendar sticks of the Winnebago people. 
Because they have been so dazzled by the calendars and the knowledge of astronomy possessed by the Mayan civilization, some anthropologists have  (acknowledged)  achievements like the sophisticated carved calendar sticks of the Winnebago people. 
Because they have been so dazzled by the calendars and the knowledge of astronomy possessed by the Mayan civilization, some anthropologists have  (overlooked)  achievements like the sophisticated carved calendar sticks of the Winnebago people. 
Because they have been so dazzled by the calendars and the knowledge of astronomy possessed by the Mayan civilization, some anthropologists have  (defended)  achievements like the sophisticated carved calendar sticks of the Winnebago people. 
Because they have been so dazzled by the calendars and the knowledge of astronomy possessed by the Mayan civilization, some anthropologists have  (authenticated)  achievements like the sophisticated carved calendar sticks of the Winnebago people. 

Aptly enough, this work so imbued with the notion of changing times and styles has been constantly  (appreciated) over the years, thereby reflecting its own mutability. 
Aptly enough, this work so imbued with the notion of changing times and styles has been constantly  (emulated) over the years, thereby reflecting its own mutability. 
Aptly enough, this work so imbued with the notion of changing times and styles has been constantly  (criticized) over the years, thereby reflecting its own mutability. 
Aptly enough, this work so imbued with the notion of changing times and styles has been constantly  (revised) over the years, thereby reflecting its own mutability. 
Aptly enough, this work so imbued with the notion of changing times and styles has been constantly  (reprinted) over the years, thereby reflecting its own mutability. 

The sea was not an  (element in) the  (evolution) of the windmill; on the contrary, while the concept of the new invention passed quickly from seaport to seaport, it made little headway inland. 
The sea was not an  (issue in) the  (acceptance) of the windmill; on the contrary, while the concept of the new invention passed quickly from seaport to seaport, it made little headway inland. 
The sea was not an  (aid to) the  (designers) of the windmill; on the contrary, while the concept of the new invention passed quickly from seaport to seaport, it made little headway inland. 
The sea was not an  (bstacle to) the  (diffusion) of the windmill; on the contrary, while the concept of the new invention passed quickly from seaport to seaport, it made little headway inland. 
The sea was not an  (impediment to) the  (creation) of the windmill; on the contrary, while the concept of the new invention passed quickly from seaport to seaport, it made little headway inland. 

A computer program can provide information in ways that force students to  (shore up)  learning instead of being merely  (reservoirs)  of knowledge. 
A computer program can provide information in ways that force students to  (accede to)  learning instead of being merely  (consumers)  of knowledge. 
A computer program can provide information in ways that force students to  (participate in)  learning instead of being merely  (recipients)  of knowledge. 
A computer program can provide information in ways that force students to  (compensate for)  learning instead of being merely  (custodians)  of knowledge. 
A computer program can provide information in ways that force students to  (profit from)  learning instead of being merely  (beneficiaries)  of knowledge. 

The form and physiology of leaves vary according to the  (relationship)  in which they develop: for example, leaves display a wide range of adaptations to different degrees of light and moisture. 
The form and physiology of leaves vary according to the  (species)  in which they develop: for example, leaves display a wide range of adaptations to different degrees of light and moisture. 
The form and physiology of leaves vary according to the  (sequence)  in which they develop: for example, leaves display a wide range of adaptations to different degrees of light and moisture. 
The form and physiology of leaves vary according to the  (patterns)  in which they develop: for example, leaves display a wide range of adaptations to different degrees of light and moisture. 
The form and physiology of leaves vary according to the  (environment)  in which they develop: for example, leaves display a wide range of adaptations to different degrees of light and moisture. 

One theory about intelligence sees  (behavior)  as the logical structure underlying thinking and insists that since animals are mute, they must be  (inactive)  as well. 
One theory about intelligence sees  (instinct)  as the logical structure underlying thinking and insists that since animals are mute, they must be  (cooperative)  as well. 
One theory about intelligence sees  (heredity)  as the logical structure underlying thinking and insists that since animals are mute, they must be  (thoughtful)  as well. 
One theory about intelligence sees  (adaptation)  as the logical structure underlying thinking and insists that since animals are mute, they must be  (brutal)  as well. 
One theory about intelligence sees  (language)  as the logical structure underlying thinking and insists that since animals are mute, they must be  (mindless)  as well. 

Though  (jaded)  in her personal life, Edna St. Vincent Millay was nonetheless  (feckless)  about her work, usually producing several pages of complicated rhyme in a day. 
Though  (verbose)  in her personal life, Edna St. Vincent Millay was nonetheless  (ascetic)  about her work, usually producing several pages of complicated rhyme in a day. 
Though  (vain)  in her personal life, Edna St. Vincent Millay was nonetheless  (humble)  about her work, usually producing several pages of complicated rhyme in a day. 
Though  (impulsive)  in her personal life, Edna St. Vincent Millay was nonetheless  (disciplined)  about her work, usually producing several pages of complicated rhyme in a day. 
Though  (self-assured)  in her personal life, Edna St. Vincent Millay was nonetheless  (sanguine)  about her work, usually producing several pages of complicated rhyme in a day. 

The children's  (mercurial)  natures were in sharp contrast to the even-tempered dispositions of their parents. 
The children's  (blithe)  natures were in sharp contrast to the even-tempered dispositions of their parents. 
The children's  (phlegmatic)  natures were in sharp contrast to the even-tempered dispositions of their parents. 
The children's  (introverted)  natures were in sharp contrast to the even-tempered dispositions of their parents. 
The children's  (artless)  natures were in sharp contrast to the even-tempered dispositions of their parents. 

By  (undermining)  scientific rigor with a quantitative approach, researchers in the social sciences may often have  (diminished)  their scope to those narrowly circumscribed topics that are well suited to quantitative methods. 
By  (equating)  scientific rigor with a quantitative approach, researchers in the social sciences may often have  (enlarged)  their scope to those narrowly circumscribed topics that are well suited to quantitative methods. 
By  (vitiating)  scientific rigor with a quantitative approach, researchers in the social sciences may often have  (expanded)  their scope to those narrowly circumscribed topics that are well suited to quantitative methods. 
By  (identifying)  scientific rigor with a quantitative approach, researchers in the social sciences may often have  (limited)  their scope to those narrowly circumscribed topics that are well suited to quantitative methods. 
By  (imbuing)  scientific rigor with a quantitative approach, researchers in the social sciences may often have  (broadened)  their scope to those narrowly circumscribed topics that are well suited to quantitative methods. 

As early as the seventeenth century, philosophers called attention to the  (absorbing)  character of the issue, and their twentieth-century counterparts still approach it with  (indifference) . 
As early as the seventeenth century, philosophers called attention to the  (unusual)  character of the issue, and their twentieth-century counterparts still approach it with  (composure) . 
As early as the seventeenth century, philosophers called attention to the  (complex)  character of the issue, and their twentieth-century counterparts still approach it with  (antipathy) . 
As early as the seventeenth century, philosophers called attention to the  (auspicious)  character of the issue, and their twentieth-century counterparts still approach it with  (caution) . 
As early as the seventeenth century, philosophers called attention to the  (problematic)  character of the issue, and their twentieth-century counterparts still approach it with  (uneasiness) . 

Since most if not all learning occurs through  (assumptions) , relating one observation to another, it would be strange indeed if the study of other cultures did not also illuminate the study of our own. 
Since most if not all learning occurs through  (experiments) , relating one observation to another, it would be strange indeed if the study of other cultures did not also illuminate the study of our own. 
Since most if not all learning occurs through  (comparisons) , relating one observation to another, it would be strange indeed if the study of other cultures did not also illuminate the study of our own. 
Since most if not all learning occurs through  (repetitions) , relating one observation to another, it would be strange indeed if the study of other cultures did not also illuminate the study of our own. 
Since most if not all learning occurs through  (impressions) , relating one observation to another, it would be strange indeed if the study of other cultures did not also illuminate the study of our own. 

The new  (specialization)  of knowledge has created  (barriers between)  people: everyone believes that his or her subject cannot and possibly should not be understood by others. 
The new  (decline)  of knowledge has created  (associations among)  people: everyone believes that his or her subject cannot and possibly should not be understood by others. 
The new  (redundancy)  of knowledge has created  (complacency in)  people: everyone believes that his or her subject cannot and possibly should not be understood by others. 
The new  (disrepute)  of knowledge has created  (concern for)  people: everyone believes that his or her subject cannot and possibly should not be understood by others. 
The new  (promulgation)  of knowledge has created  (ignorance among)  people: everyone believes that his or her subject cannot and possibly should not be understood by others. 

If a species of parasite is to survive, the host organisms must live long enough for the parasite to  (atrophy)  ; if the host species becomes  (healthy) , so do its parasites. 
If a species of parasite is to survive, the host organisms must live long enough for the parasite to  (reproduce)  ; if the host species becomes  (extinct) , so do its parasites. 
If a species of parasite is to survive, the host organisms must live long enough for the parasite to  (disappear)  ; if the host species becomes  (widespread) , so do its parasites. 
If a species of parasite is to survive, the host organisms must live long enough for the parasite to  (succumb)  ; if the host species becomes  (nonviable) , so do its parasites. 
If a species of parasite is to survive, the host organisms must live long enough for the parasite to  (mate)  ; if the host species becomes  (infertile) , so do its parasites. 

The author argues for serious treatment of such arts as crochet and needlework, finding in too many art historians a cultural blindness  (traceable)  to their  (prejudice against)  textiles as a medium in which women artists predominate. 
The author argues for serious treatment of such arts as crochet and needlework, finding in too many art historians a cultural blindness  (opposed)  to their  (distrust of)  textiles as a medium in which women artists predominate. 
The author argues for serious treatment of such arts as crochet and needlework, finding in too many art historians a cultural blindness  (referring)  to their  (need for)  textiles as a medium in which women artists predominate. 
The author argues for serious treatment of such arts as crochet and needlework, finding in too many art historians a cultural blindness  (reduced)  to their  (respect for)  textiles as a medium in which women artists predominate. 
The author argues for serious treatment of such arts as crochet and needlework, finding in too many art historians a cultural blindness  (corresponding)  to their  (expertise in)  textiles as a medium in which women artists predominate. 

Those who fear the influence of television deliberately  (promote)  its persuasive power, hoping that they might keep knowledge of its potential to effect social change from being widely disseminated. 
Those who fear the influence of television deliberately  (underplay)  its persuasive power, hoping that they might keep knowledge of its potential to effect social change from being widely disseminated. 
Those who fear the influence of television deliberately  (excuse)  its persuasive power, hoping that they might keep knowledge of its potential to effect social change from being widely disseminated. 
Those who fear the influence of television deliberately  (laud)  its persuasive power, hoping that they might keep knowledge of its potential to effect social change from being widely disseminated. 
Those who fear the influence of television deliberately  (suspect)  its persuasive power, hoping that they might keep knowledge of its potential to effect social change from being widely disseminated. 

Because the high seriousness of their narratives resulted in part from their metaphysics, Southern writers were praised for their  (technical)  bent. 
Because the high seriousness of their narratives resulted in part from their metaphysics, Southern writers were praised for their  (discursive)  bent. 
Because the high seriousness of their narratives resulted in part from their metaphysics, Southern writers were praised for their  (hedonistic)  bent. 
Because the high seriousness of their narratives resulted in part from their metaphysics, Southern writers were praised for their  (philosophical)  bent. 
Because the high seriousness of their narratives resulted in part from their metaphysics, Southern writers were praised for their  (scientific)  bent. 

Far from being  (unctuous) , Pat was always  (loath)  to appear acquiescent. 
Far from being  (brazen) , Pat was always  (reluctant)  to appear acquiescent. 
Far from being  (ignoble) , Pat was always  (concerned)  to appear acquiescent. 
Far from being  (obsequious) , Pat was always  (eager)  to appear acquiescent. 
Far from being  (gregarious) , Pat was always  (willing)  to appear acquiescent. 

Though  (necessary)  to some degree, telling a small lie sometimes enables one to avoid  (mollifying)  another's feelings. 
Though  (regrettable)  to some degree, telling a small lie sometimes enables one to avoid  (harming)  another's feelings. 
Though  (unfortunate)  to some degree, telling a small lie sometimes enables one to avoid  (exaggerating)  another's feelings. 
Though  (attractive)  to some degree, telling a small lie sometimes enables one to avoid  (considering)  another's feelings. 
Though  (difficult)  to some degree, telling a small lie sometimes enables one to avoid  (resisting)  another's feelings. 

Perhaps because scientists have been so intrigued by dogs' superior senses of smell and hearing, researchers have long  (studied)  their eyesight, assuming that they inhabit a drab, black-and-white world, devoid of color. 
Perhaps because scientists have been so intrigued by dogs' superior senses of smell and hearing, researchers have long  (coveted)  their eyesight, assuming that they inhabit a drab, black-and-white world, devoid of color. 
Perhaps because scientists have been so intrigued by dogs' superior senses of smell and hearing, researchers have long  (appreciated)  their eyesight, assuming that they inhabit a drab, black-and-white world, devoid of color. 
Perhaps because scientists have been so intrigued by dogs' superior senses of smell and hearing, researchers have long  (resented)  their eyesight, assuming that they inhabit a drab, black-and-white world, devoid of color. 
Perhaps because scientists have been so intrigued by dogs' superior senses of smell and hearing, researchers have long  (underestimated)  their eyesight, assuming that they inhabit a drab, black-and-white world, devoid of color. 

Despite a string of dismal earnings reports, the two-year-old strategy to return the company to profitability is beginning to  (falter) . 
Despite a string of dismal earnings reports, the two-year-old strategy to return the company to profitability is beginning to  (disappoint) . 
Despite a string of dismal earnings reports, the two-year-old strategy to return the company to profitability is beginning to  (compete) . 
Despite a string of dismal earnings reports, the two-year-old strategy to return the company to profitability is beginning to  (work) . 
Despite a string of dismal earnings reports, the two-year-old strategy to return the company to profitability is beginning to  (circulate) . 

The President reached a decision only after lengthy  (deliberation) , painstakingly weighing the  (divergent)  opinions expressed by cabinet members. 
The President reached a decision only after lengthy  (confrontation) , painstakingly weighing the  (unanimous)  opinions expressed by cabinet members. 
The President reached a decision only after lengthy  (relegation) , painstakingly weighing the  (consistent)  opinions expressed by cabinet members. 
The President reached a decision only after lengthy  (speculation) , painstakingly weighing the  (conciliatory)  opinions expressed by cabinet members. 
The President reached a decision only after lengthy  (canvassing) , painstakingly weighing the  (arbitrary)  opinions expressed by cabinet members. 

Although just barely  (deficient)  as a writer of lucid prose, Jones was an extremely  (muddling)  editor who worked superbly with other writers in helping them improve the clarity of their writing. 
Although just barely  (proficient)  as a writer of lucid prose, Jones was an extremely  (contentious)  editor who worked superbly with other writers in helping them improve the clarity of their writing. 
Although just barely  (adequate)  as a writer of lucid prose, Jones was an extremely  (capable)  editor who worked superbly with other writers in helping them improve the clarity of their writing. 
Although just barely  (appalling)  as a writer of lucid prose, Jones was an extremely  (competent)  editor who worked superbly with other writers in helping them improve the clarity of their writing. 
Although just barely  (engaging)  as a writer of lucid prose, Jones was an extremely  (inept)  editor who worked superbly with other writers in helping them improve the clarity of their writing. 

The accusations we bring against others should be  (definitions of)  ourselves; they should not  (produce)  complacency and easy judgments on our part concerning our own moral conduct. 
The accusations we bring against others should be  (instructions to)  ourselves; they should not  (equate)  complacency and easy judgments on our part concerning our own moral conduct. 
The accusations we bring against others should be  (denigrations of)  ourselves; they should not  (exclude)  complacency and easy judgments on our part concerning our own moral conduct. 
The accusations we bring against others should be  (warnings to)  ourselves; they should not  (justify)  complacency and easy judgments on our part concerning our own moral conduct. 
The accusations we bring against others should be  (parodies of)  ourselves; they should not  (satirize)  complacency and easy judgments on our part concerning our own moral conduct. 

Although the meanings of words may necessarily be liable to change, it does not follow that the lexicographer is therefore unable to render spelling, in a great measure,  (arbitrary) . 
Although the meanings of words may necessarily be liable to change, it does not follow that the lexicographer is therefore unable to render spelling, in a great measure,  (superfluous) . 
Although the meanings of words may necessarily be liable to change, it does not follow that the lexicographer is therefore unable to render spelling, in a great measure,  (interesting) . 
Although the meanings of words may necessarily be liable to change, it does not follow that the lexicographer is therefore unable to render spelling, in a great measure,  (flexible) . 
Although the meanings of words may necessarily be liable to change, it does not follow that the lexicographer is therefore unable to render spelling, in a great measure,  (constant) . 

Some activists believe that because the health-care system has become increasingly (attuned)  to those it serves, individuals must  (avoid)  bureaucratic impediments in order to develop and promote new therapies. 
Some activists believe that because the health-care system has become increasingly (inimical)  to those it serves, individuals must  (utilize)  bureaucratic impediments in order to develop and promote new therapies. 
Some activists believe that because the health-care system has become increasingly (unresponsive)  to those it serves, individuals must  (circumvent)  bureaucratic impediments in order to develop and promote new therapies. 
Some activists believe that because the health-care system has become increasingly (indifferent)  to those it serves, individuals must  (supplement)  bureaucratic impediments in order to develop and promote new therapies. 
Some activists believe that because the health-care system has become increasingly (sensitized)  to those it serves, individuals must  (forsake)  bureaucratic impediments in order to develop and promote new therapies. 

The acts of vandalism that these pranksters had actually  (hidden)  were insignificant compared with those they had  (renounced)  but has not attempted. 
The acts of vandalism that these pranksters had actually  (advocated)  were insignificant compared with those they had  (meditated)  but has not attempted. 
The acts of vandalism that these pranksters had actually  (inflicted)  were insignificant compared with those they had  (dismissed)  but has not attempted. 
The acts of vandalism that these pranksters had actually  (committed)  were insignificant compared with those they had  (effected)  but has not attempted. 
The acts of vandalism that these pranksters had actually  (perpetrated)  were insignificant compared with those they had  (contemplated)  but has not attempted. 

Though one cannot say that Michelangelo was an impractical designer, he was, of all nonprofessional architects known, the most  (pragmatic)  in that he was the least constrained by tradition or precedent. 
Though one cannot say that Michelangelo was an impractical designer, he was, of all nonprofessional architects known, the most  (adventurous)  in that he was the least constrained by tradition or precedent. 
Though one cannot say that Michelangelo was an impractical designer, he was, of all nonprofessional architects known, the most  (empirical)  in that he was the least constrained by tradition or precedent. 
Though one cannot say that Michelangelo was an impractical designer, he was, of all nonprofessional architects known, the most  (skilled)  in that he was the least constrained by tradition or precedent. 
Though one cannot say that Michelangelo was an impractical designer, he was, of all nonprofessional architects known, the most  (learned)  in that he was the least constrained by tradition or precedent. 

Before adapting to changes in values, many prefer to  (innovate) , to  (protect)  the universally agreed-on principles that have been upheld for centuries. 
Before adapting to changes in values, many prefer to  (resist) , to  (defend)  the universally agreed-on principles that have been upheld for centuries. 
Before adapting to changes in values, many prefer to  (ponder) , to  (subvert)  the universally agreed-on principles that have been upheld for centuries. 
Before adapting to changes in values, many prefer to  (vacillate) , to  (publicize)  the universally agreed-on principles that have been upheld for centuries. 
Before adapting to changes in values, many prefer to  (revert) , to  (ignore)  the universally agreed-on principles that have been upheld for centuries. 

Although the records of colonial New England are  (sporadic)  in comparison with those available in France or England, the records of other English colonies in America are even more  (irrefutable) . 
Although the records of colonial New England are  (sparse)  in comparison with those available in France or England, the records of other English colonies in America are even more  (incontrovertible) . 
Although the records of colonial New England are  (ambiguous)  in comparison with those available in France or England, the records of other English colonies in America are even more  (authoritative) . 
Although the records of colonial New England are  (sketchy)  in comparison with those available in France or England, the records of other English colonies in America are even more  (fragmentary) . 
Although the records of colonial New England are  (puzzling)  in comparison with those available in France or England, the records of other English colonies in America are even more  (unquestionable) . 

High software prices are frequently said to  (contribute to)  widespread illegal copying, although the opposite that high prices are the cause of the copying is equally plausible. 
High software prices are frequently said to  (result from)  widespread illegal copying, although the opposite that high prices are the cause of the copying is equally plausible. 
High software prices are frequently said to  (correlate with)  widespread illegal copying, although the opposite that high prices are the cause of the copying is equally plausible. 
High software prices are frequently said to  (explain)  widespread illegal copying, although the opposite that high prices are the cause of the copying is equally plausible. 
High software prices are frequently said to  (precede)  widespread illegal copying, although the opposite that high prices are the cause of the copying is equally plausible. 

Because early United States writers thought that the mark of great literature was grandiosity and elegance not to be found in common speech, they  (dissected)  the vernacular. 
Because early United States writers thought that the mark of great literature was grandiosity and elegance not to be found in common speech, they  (avoided)  the vernacular. 
Because early United States writers thought that the mark of great literature was grandiosity and elegance not to be found in common speech, they  (misunderstood)  the vernacular. 
Because early United States writers thought that the mark of great literature was grandiosity and elegance not to be found in common speech, they  (investigated)  the vernacular. 
Because early United States writers thought that the mark of great literature was grandiosity and elegance not to be found in common speech, they  (exploited)  the vernacular. 

The form and physiology of leaves vary according to the  (relationship)  in which they develop: for example, leaves  display a wide range of adaptations to different  degrees of light and moisture.
The form and physiology of leaves vary according to the  (species)  in which they develop: for example, leaves  display a wide range of adaptations to different  degrees of light and moisture.
The form and physiology of leaves vary according to the  (sequence)  in which they develop: for example, leaves  display a wide range of adaptations to different  degrees of light and moisture.
The form and physiology of leaves vary according to the  (patterns)  in which they develop: for example, leaves  display a wide range of adaptations to different  degrees of light and moisture.
The form and physiology of leaves vary according to the  (environment)  in which they develop: for example, leaves  display a wide range of adaptations to different  degrees of light and moisture.

One theory about intelligence sees  (behavior)  as the  logical structure underlying thinking and insists that  since animals are mute, they must be  (inactive)  as well. 
One theory about intelligence sees  (instinct)  as the  logical structure underlying thinking and insists that  since animals are mute, they must be  (cooperative)  as well. 
One theory about intelligence sees  (heredity)  as the  logical structure underlying thinking and insists that  since animals are mute, they must be  (thoughtful)  as well. 
One theory about intelligence sees  (adaptation)  as the  logical structure underlying thinking and insists that  since animals are mute, they must be  (brutal)  as well. 
One theory about intelligence sees  (language)  as the  logical structure underlying thinking and insists that  since animals are mute, they must be  (mindless)  as well. 

Though  (jaded)  in her personal life, Edna St. Vincent  Millay was nonetheless  (feckless)  about her work, usually  producing several pages of complicated rhyme in a  day.
Though  (verbose)  in her personal life, Edna St. Vincent  Millay was nonetheless  (ascetic)  about her work, usually  producing several pages of complicated rhyme in a  day.
Though  (vain)  in her personal life, Edna St. Vincent  Millay was nonetheless  (humble)  about her work, usually  producing several pages of complicated rhyme in a  day.
Though  (impulsive)  in her personal life, Edna St. Vincent  Millay was nonetheless  (disciplined)  about her work, usually  producing several pages of complicated rhyme in a  day.
Though  (self-assured)  in her personal life, Edna St. Vincent  Millay was nonetheless  (sanguine)  about her work, usually  producing several pages of complicated rhyme in a  day.

The children's  (mercurial)  natures were in sharp contrast  to the even-tempered dispositions of their parents. 
The children's  (blithe)  natures were in sharp contrast  to the even-tempered dispositions of their parents. 
The children's  (phlegmatic)  natures were in sharp contrast  to the even-tempered dispositions of their parents. 
The children's  (introverted)  natures were in sharp contrast  to the even-tempered dispositions of their parents. 
The children's  (artless)  natures were in sharp contrast  to the even-tempered dispositions of their parents. 

By  (undermining)  scientific rigor with a quantitative approach,  researchers in the social sciences may often have  (diminished)  their scope to those narrowly circumscribed topics that  are well suited to quantitative methods.
By  (equating)  scientific rigor with a quantitative approach,  researchers in the social sciences may often have  (enlarged)  their scope to those narrowly circumscribed topics that  are well suited to quantitative methods.
By  (vitiating)  scientific rigor with a quantitative approach,  researchers in the social sciences may often have  (expanded)  their scope to those narrowly circumscribed topics that  are well suited to quantitative methods.
By  (identifying)  scientific rigor with a quantitative approach,  researchers in the social sciences may often have  (limited)  their scope to those narrowly circumscribed topics that  are well suited to quantitative methods.
By  (imbuing)  scientific rigor with a quantitative approach,  researchers in the social sciences may often have  (broadened)  their scope to those narrowly circumscribed topics that  are well suited to quantitative methods.

As early as the seventeenth century, philosophers  called attention to the  (absorbing)  character of the issue,  and their twentieth-century counterparts still approach  it with  (indifference) .
As early as the seventeenth century, philosophers  called attention to the  (unusual)  character of the issue,  and their twentieth-century counterparts still approach  it with  (composure) .
As early as the seventeenth century, philosophers  called attention to the  (complex)  character of the issue,  and their twentieth-century counterparts still approach  it with  (antipathy) .
As early as the seventeenth century, philosophers  called attention to the  (auspicious)  character of the issue,  and their twentieth-century counterparts still approach  it with  (caution) .
As early as the seventeenth century, philosophers  called attention to the  (problematic)  character of the issue,  and their twentieth-century counterparts still approach  it with  (uneasiness) .

Since most if not all learning occurs through (assumptions) ,  relating one observation to another, it would be  strange indeed if the study of other cultures did not  also illuminate the study of our own. 
Since most if not all learning occurs through (experiments) ,  relating one observation to another, it would be  strange indeed if the study of other cultures did not  also illuminate the study of our own. 
Since most if not all learning occurs through (comparisons) ,  relating one observation to another, it would be  strange indeed if the study of other cultures did not  also illuminate the study of our own. 
Since most if not all learning occurs through (repetitions) ,  relating one observation to another, it would be  strange indeed if the study of other cultures did not  also illuminate the study of our own. 
Since most if not all learning occurs through (impressions) ,  relating one observation to another, it would be  strange indeed if the study of other cultures did not  also illuminate the study of our own. 

The new  (specialization)  of knowledge has created  (barriers between)   people: everyone believes that his or her subject  cannot and possibly should not be understood by  others. 
The new  (decline)  of knowledge has created  (associations among)   people: everyone believes that his or her subject  cannot and possibly should not be understood by  others. 
The new  (redundancy)  of knowledge has created  (complacency in)   people: everyone believes that his or her subject  cannot and possibly should not be understood by  others. 
The new  (disrepute)  of knowledge has created  (concern for)   people: everyone believes that his or her subject  cannot and possibly should not be understood by  others. 
The new  (promulgation)  of knowledge has created  (ignorance among)   people: everyone believes that his or her subject  cannot and possibly should not be understood by  others. 

If a species of parasite is to survive, the host organisms must live long enough for the parasite to   (atrophy)  ; if the host species becomes (healthy) , so do its  parasites. 
If a species of parasite is to survive, the host organisms must live long enough for the parasite to   (reproduce)  ; if the host species becomes (extinct) , so do its  parasites. 
If a species of parasite is to survive, the host organisms must live long enough for the parasite to   (disappear)  ; if the host species becomes (widespread) , so do its  parasites. 
If a species of parasite is to survive, the host organisms must live long enough for the parasite to   (succumb)  ; if the host species becomes (nonviable) , so do its  parasites. 
If a species of parasite is to survive, the host organisms must live long enough for the parasite to   (mate)  ; if the host species becomes (infertile) , so do its  parasites. 

The author argues for serious treatment of such arts  as crochet and needlework, finding in too many art  historians a cultural blindness  (traceable)  to their  (prejudice against)   textiles as a medium in which women artists predominate. 
The author argues for serious treatment of such arts  as crochet and needlework, finding in too many art  historians a cultural blindness  (opposed)  to their  (distrust of)   textiles as a medium in which women artists predominate. 
The author argues for serious treatment of such arts  as crochet and needlework, finding in too many art  historians a cultural blindness  (referring)  to their  (need for)   textiles as a medium in which women artists predominate. 
The author argues for serious treatment of such arts  as crochet and needlework, finding in too many art  historians a cultural blindness  (reduced)  to their  (respect for)   textiles as a medium in which women artists predominate. 
The author argues for serious treatment of such arts  as crochet and needlework, finding in too many art  historians a cultural blindness  (corresponding)  to their  (expertise in)   textiles as a medium in which women artists predominate. 

Those who fear the influence of television deliberately  (promote)  its persuasive power, hoping that they  might keep knowledge of its potential to effect social  change from being widely disseminated. 
Those who fear the influence of television deliberately  (underplay)  its persuasive power, hoping that they  might keep knowledge of its potential to effect social  change from being widely disseminated. 
Those who fear the influence of television deliberately  (excuse)  its persuasive power, hoping that they  might keep knowledge of its potential to effect social  change from being widely disseminated. 
Those who fear the influence of television deliberately  (laud)  its persuasive power, hoping that they  might keep knowledge of its potential to effect social  change from being widely disseminated. 
Those who fear the influence of television deliberately  (suspect)  its persuasive power, hoping that they  might keep knowledge of its potential to effect social  change from being widely disseminated. 

Because the high seriousness of their narratives  resulted in part from their metaphysics, Southern  writers were praised for their  (technical)  bent.
Because the high seriousness of their narratives  resulted in part from their metaphysics, Southern  writers were praised for their  (discursive)  bent.
Because the high seriousness of their narratives  resulted in part from their metaphysics, Southern  writers were praised for their  (hedonistic)  bent.
Because the high seriousness of their narratives  resulted in part from their metaphysics, Southern  writers were praised for their  (philosophical)  bent.
Because the high seriousness of their narratives  resulted in part from their metaphysics, Southern  writers were praised for their  (scientific)  bent.

Far from being  (unctuous) , Pat was always  (loath)  to  appear acquiescent. 
Far from being  (brazen) , Pat was always  (reluctant)  to  appear acquiescent. 
Far from being  (ignoble) , Pat was always  (concerned)  to  appear acquiescent. 
Far from being  (obsequious) , Pat was always  (eager)  to  appear acquiescent. 
Far from being  (gregarious) , Pat was always  (willing)  to  appear acquiescent. 

Though  (necessary)  to some degree, telling a small lie sometimes enables one to avoid  (mollifying)  another's  feelings.
Though  (regrettable)  to some degree, telling a small lie sometimes enables one to avoid  (harming)  another's  feelings.
Though  (unfortunate)  to some degree, telling a small lie sometimes enables one to avoid  (exaggerating)  another's  feelings.
Though  (attractive)  to some degree, telling a small lie sometimes enables one to avoid  (considering)  another's  feelings.
Though  (difficult)  to some degree, telling a small lie sometimes enables one to avoid  (resisting)  another's  feelings.

Perhaps because scientists have been so intrigued by  dogs' superior senses of smell and hearing, researchers have long  (studied)  their eyesight, assuming that they  inhabit a drab, black-and-white world, devoid of  color. 
Perhaps because scientists have been so intrigued by  dogs' superior senses of smell and hearing, researchers have long  (coveted)  their eyesight, assuming that they  inhabit a drab, black-and-white world, devoid of  color. 
Perhaps because scientists have been so intrigued by  dogs' superior senses of smell and hearing, researchers have long  (appreciated)  their eyesight, assuming that they  inhabit a drab, black-and-white world, devoid of  color. 
Perhaps because scientists have been so intrigued by  dogs' superior senses of smell and hearing, researchers have long  (resented)  their eyesight, assuming that they  inhabit a drab, black-and-white world, devoid of  color. 
Perhaps because scientists have been so intrigued by  dogs' superior senses of smell and hearing, researchers have long  (underestimated)  their eyesight, assuming that they  inhabit a drab, black-and-white world, devoid of  color. 

Despite a string of dismal earnings reports, the  two-year-old strategy to return the company to  profitability is beginning to  (falter) .
Despite a string of dismal earnings reports, the  two-year-old strategy to return the company to  profitability is beginning to  (disappoint) .
Despite a string of dismal earnings reports, the  two-year-old strategy to return the company to  profitability is beginning to  (compete) .
Despite a string of dismal earnings reports, the  two-year-old strategy to return the company to  profitability is beginning to  (work) .
Despite a string of dismal earnings reports, the  two-year-old strategy to return the company to  profitability is beginning to  (circulate) .

The President reached a decision only after lengthy   (deliberation) , painstakingly weighing the  (divergent) opinions  expressed by cabinet members. 
The President reached a decision only after lengthy   (confrontation) , painstakingly weighing the  (unanimous) opinions  expressed by cabinet members. 
The President reached a decision only after lengthy   (relegation) , painstakingly weighing the  (consistent) opinions  expressed by cabinet members. 
The President reached a decision only after lengthy   (speculation) , painstakingly weighing the  (conciliatory) opinions  expressed by cabinet members. 
The President reached a decision only after lengthy   (canvassing) , painstakingly weighing the  (arbitrary) opinions  expressed by cabinet members. 

Although just barely  (deficient)  as a writer of lucid prose,  Jones was an extremely  (muddling)  editor who worked  superbly with other writers in helping them improve  the clarity of their writing. 
Although just barely  (proficient)  as a writer of lucid prose,  Jones was an extremely  (contentious)  editor who worked  superbly with other writers in helping them improve  the clarity of their writing. 
Although just barely  (adequate)  as a writer of lucid prose,  Jones was an extremely  (capable)  editor who worked  superbly with other writers in helping them improve  the clarity of their writing. 
Although just barely  (appalling)  as a writer of lucid prose,  Jones was an extremely  (competent)  editor who worked  superbly with other writers in helping them improve  the clarity of their writing. 
Although just barely  (engaging)  as a writer of lucid prose,  Jones was an extremely  (inept)  editor who worked  superbly with other writers in helping them improve  the clarity of their writing. 

The accusations we bring against others should be  (definitions of)  ourselves; they should not  (produce)  complacency  and easy judgments on our part concerning our own  moral conduct.
The accusations we bring against others should be  (instructions to)  ourselves; they should not  (equate)  complacency  and easy judgments on our part concerning our own  moral conduct.
The accusations we bring against others should be  (denigrations of)  ourselves; they should not  (exclude)  complacency  and easy judgments on our part concerning our own  moral conduct.
The accusations we bring against others should be  (warnings to)  ourselves; they should not  (justify)  complacency  and easy judgments on our part concerning our own  moral conduct.
The accusations we bring against others should be  (parodies of)  ourselves; they should not  (satirize)  complacency  and easy judgments on our part concerning our own  moral conduct.

Although the meanings of words may necessarily be  liable to change, it does not follow that the lexicographer is therefore unable to render spelling, in a  great measure,  (arbitrary) .
Although the meanings of words may necessarily be  liable to change, it does not follow that the lexicographer is therefore unable to render spelling, in a  great measure,  (superfluous) .
Although the meanings of words may necessarily be  liable to change, it does not follow that the lexicographer is therefore unable to render spelling, in a  great measure,  (interesting) .
Although the meanings of words may necessarily be  liable to change, it does not follow that the lexicographer is therefore unable to render spelling, in a  great measure,  (flexible) .
Although the meanings of words may necessarily be  liable to change, it does not follow that the lexicographer is therefore unable to render spelling, in a  great measure,  (constant) .

Some activists believe that because the health-care  system has become increasingly (attuned)  to those it  serves, individuals must  (avoid)  bureaucratic impediments in order to develop and promote new therapies. 
Some activists believe that because the health-care  system has become increasingly (inimical)  to those it  serves, individuals must  (utilize)  bureaucratic impediments in order to develop and promote new therapies. 
Some activists believe that because the health-care  system has become increasingly (unresponsive)  to those it  serves, individuals must  (circumvent)  bureaucratic impediments in order to develop and promote new therapies. 
Some activists believe that because the health-care  system has become increasingly (indifferent)  to those it  serves, individuals must  (supplement)  bureaucratic impediments in order to develop and promote new therapies. 
Some activists believe that because the health-care  system has become increasingly (sensitized)  to those it  serves, individuals must  (forsake)  bureaucratic impediments in order to develop and promote new therapies. 

The acts of vandalism that these pranksters had  actually  (hidden)  were insignificant compared with those  they had  (renounced)  but had not attempted. 
The acts of vandalism that these pranksters had  actually  (advocated)  were insignificant compared with those  they had  (meditated)  but had not attempted. 
The acts of vandalism that these pranksters had  actually  (inflicted)  were insignificant compared with those  they had  (dismissed)  but had not attempted. 
The acts of vandalism that these pranksters had  actually  (committed)  were insignificant compared with those  they had  (effected)  but had not attempted. 
The acts of vandalism that these pranksters had  actually  (perpetrated)  were insignificant compared with those  they had  (contemplated)  but had not attempted. 

Though one cannot say that Michelangelo was an  impractical designer, he was, of all nonprofessional  architects known, the most  (pragmatic)  in that he was the  least constrained by tradition or precedent. 
Though one cannot say that Michelangelo was an  impractical designer, he was, of all nonprofessional  architects known, the most  (adventurous)  in that he was the  least constrained by tradition or precedent. 
Though one cannot say that Michelangelo was an  impractical designer, he was, of all nonprofessional  architects known, the most  (empirical)  in that he was the  least constrained by tradition or precedent. 
Though one cannot say that Michelangelo was an  impractical designer, he was, of all nonprofessional  architects known, the most  (skilled)  in that he was the  least constrained by tradition or precedent. 
Though one cannot say that Michelangelo was an  impractical designer, he was, of all nonprofessional  architects known, the most  (learned)  in that he was the  least constrained by tradition or precedent. 

Before adapting to changes in values, many prefer to   (innovate) , to  (protect)  the universally agreed-on principles  that have been upheld for centuries. 
Before adapting to changes in values, many prefer to   (resist) , to  (defend)  the universally agreed-on principles  that have been upheld for centuries. 
Before adapting to changes in values, many prefer to   (ponder) , to  (subvert)  the universally agreed-on principles  that have been upheld for centuries. 
Before adapting to changes in values, many prefer to   (vacillate) , to  (publicize)  the universally agreed-on principles  that have been upheld for centuries. 
Before adapting to changes in values, many prefer to   (revert) , to  (ignore)  the universally agreed-on principles  that have been upheld for centuries. 

Although the records of colonial New England are   (sporadic)  in comparison with those available in France  or England, the records of other English colonies in  America are even more  (irrefutable) . 
Although the records of colonial New England are   (sparse)  in comparison with those available in France  or England, the records of other English colonies in  America are even more  (incontrovertible) . 
Although the records of colonial New England are   (ambiguous)  in comparison with those available in France  or England, the records of other English colonies in  America are even more  (authoritative) . 
Although the records of colonial New England are   (sketchy)  in comparison with those available in France  or England, the records of other English colonies in  America are even more  (fragmentary) . 
Although the records of colonial New England are   (puzzling)  in comparison with those available in France  or England, the records of other English colonies in  America are even more  (unquestionable) . 

High software prices are frequently said to  (contribute to)   widespread illegal copying, although the opposite that high prices are the cause of the copying is  equally plausible.
High software prices are frequently said to  (result from)   widespread illegal copying, although the opposite that high prices are the cause of the copying is  equally plausible.
High software prices are frequently said to  (correlate with)   widespread illegal copying, although the opposite that high prices are the cause of the copying is  equally plausible.
High software prices are frequently said to  (explain)   widespread illegal copying, although the opposite that high prices are the cause of the copying is  equally plausible.
High software prices are frequently said to  (precede)   widespread illegal copying, although the opposite that high prices are the cause of the copying is  equally plausible.

Because early United States writers thought that the  mark of great literature was grandiosity and elegance  not to be found in common speech, they  (dissected)  the  vernacular. 
Because early United States writers thought that the  mark of great literature was grandiosity and elegance  not to be found in common speech, they  (avoided)  the  vernacular. 
Because early United States writers thought that the  mark of great literature was grandiosity and elegance  not to be found in common speech, they  (misunderstood)  the  vernacular. 
Because early United States writers thought that the  mark of great literature was grandiosity and elegance  not to be found in common speech, they  (investigated)  the  vernacular. 
Because early United States writers thought that the  mark of great literature was grandiosity and elegance  not to be found in common speech, they  (exploited)  the  vernacular. 

It is assumed that scientists will avoid making  (hypothetical)   claims about the results of their experiments because  of the likelihood that they will be exposed when  other researchers cannot  (evaluate)  their findings. 
It is assumed that scientists will avoid making  (fraudulent)   claims about the results of their experiments because  of the likelihood that they will be exposed when  other researchers cannot  (duplicate)  their findings. 
It is assumed that scientists will avoid making  (verifiable)   claims about the results of their experiments because  of the likelihood that they will be exposed when  other researchers cannot  (contradict)  their findings. 
It is assumed that scientists will avoid making  (radical)   claims about the results of their experiments because  of the likelihood that they will be exposed when  other researchers cannot  (contest)  their findings. 
It is assumed that scientists will avoid making  (extravagant)   claims about the results of their experiments because  of the likelihood that they will be exposed when  other researchers cannot  (dispute)  their findings. 

As long as the nuclear family is  (nurtured among)  a larger kinship  group through contiguous residence on undivided  land, the pressure to  (abstain)  and thus to get along with  relatives is strong. 
As long as the nuclear family is  (excluded from)  a larger kinship  group through contiguous residence on undivided  land, the pressure to  (compromise)  and thus to get along with  relatives is strong. 
As long as the nuclear family is  (embedded in)  a larger kinship  group through contiguous residence on undivided  land, the pressure to  (share)  and thus to get along with  relatives is strong. 
As long as the nuclear family is  (scattered throughout)  a larger kinship  group through contiguous residence on undivided  land, the pressure to  (reject)  and thus to get along with  relatives is strong. 
As long as the nuclear family is  (accepted by)  a larger kinship  group through contiguous residence on undivided  land, the pressure to  (lead)  and thus to get along with  relatives is strong. 

In contrast to the substantial muscular activity  required for inhalation, exhalation is usually a  (slow)   process. 
In contrast to the substantial muscular activity  required for inhalation, exhalation is usually a  (passive)   process. 
In contrast to the substantial muscular activity  required for inhalation, exhalation is usually a  (precise)   process. 
In contrast to the substantial muscular activity  required for inhalation, exhalation is usually a  (complex)   process. 
In contrast to the substantial muscular activity  required for inhalation, exhalation is usually a  (conscious)   process. 

The documentary film about high school life was so  realistic and  (logical)  that feelings of nostalgia flooded  over the college-age audience. 
The documentary film about high school life was so  realistic and  (pitiful)  that feelings of nostalgia flooded  over the college-age audience. 
The documentary film about high school life was so  realistic and  (evocative)  that feelings of nostalgia flooded  over the college-age audience. 
The documentary film about high school life was so  realistic and  (critical)  that feelings of nostalgia flooded  over the college-age audience. 
The documentary film about high school life was so  realistic and  (clinical)  that feelings of nostalgia flooded  over the college-age audience. 

Although Georgia O'Keeffe is best known for her  affinity with the desert landscape, her paintings of  urban subjects  (condemn)  her longtime residency in New  York City. 
Although Georgia O'Keeffe is best known for her  affinity with the desert landscape, her paintings of  urban subjects  (obfuscate)  her longtime residency in New  York City. 
Although Georgia O'Keeffe is best known for her  affinity with the desert landscape, her paintings of  urban subjects  (attest to)  her longtime residency in New  York City. 
Although Georgia O'Keeffe is best known for her  affinity with the desert landscape, her paintings of  urban subjects  (conflict with)  her longtime residency in New  York City. 
Although Georgia O'Keeffe is best known for her  affinity with the desert landscape, her paintings of  urban subjects  (contend with)  her longtime residency in New  York City. 

Even though the survey was designated as an interdisciplinary course, it involved no real  (encapsulation)  of  subject matter. 
Even though the survey was designated as an interdisciplinary course, it involved no real  (organization)  of  subject matter. 
Even though the survey was designated as an interdisciplinary course, it involved no real  (synthesis)  of  subject matter. 
Even though the survey was designated as an interdisciplinary course, it involved no real  (discussion)  of  subject matter. 
Even though the survey was designated as an interdisciplinary course, it involved no real  (verification)  of  subject matter. 

The failure of many psychotherapists to  (understand)  the  results of pioneering research could be due in part to  the specialized nature of such findings: even  (baffling)   findings may not be useful.
The failure of many psychotherapists to  (envision)  the  results of pioneering research could be due in part to  the specialized nature of such findings: even  (accessible)   findings may not be useful.
The failure of many psychotherapists to  (utilize)  the  results of pioneering research could be due in part to  the specialized nature of such findings: even  (momentous)   findings may not be useful.
The failure of many psychotherapists to  (reproduce)  the  results of pioneering research could be due in part to  the specialized nature of such findings: even  (duplicated)   findings may not be useful.
The failure of many psychotherapists to  (affirm)  the  results of pioneering research could be due in part to  the specialized nature of such findings: even  (controversial)   findings may not be useful.

In the nineteenth century, novelists and unsympathetic  travelers portrayed the American West as a land of  (lurid)  adversity, whereas promoters and idealists  created  (a mundane)  image of a land of infinite promise. 
In the nineteenth century, novelists and unsympathetic  travelers portrayed the American West as a land of  (incredible)  adversity, whereas promoters and idealists  created  (an underplayed)  image of a land of infinite promise. 
In the nineteenth century, novelists and unsympathetic  travelers portrayed the American West as a land of  (dispiriting)  adversity, whereas promoters and idealists  created  (an identical)  image of a land of infinite promise. 
In the nineteenth century, novelists and unsympathetic  travelers portrayed the American West as a land of  (intriguing)  adversity, whereas promoters and idealists  created  (a luxuriant)  image of a land of infinite promise. 
In the nineteenth century, novelists and unsympathetic  travelers portrayed the American West as a land of  (unremitting)  adversity, whereas promoters and idealists  created  (a compelling)  image of a land of infinite promise. 

Honeybees tend to be more  (insular)  than earth bees:  the former, unlike the latter, search for food together  and signal their individual findings to one another. 
Honeybees tend to be more  (aggressive)  than earth bees:  the former, unlike the latter, search for food together  and signal their individual findings to one another. 
Honeybees tend to be more  (differentiated)  than earth bees:  the former, unlike the latter, search for food together  and signal their individual findings to one another. 
Honeybees tend to be more  (mobile)  than earth bees:  the former, unlike the latter, search for food together  and signal their individual findings to one another. 
Honeybees tend to be more  (social)  than earth bees:  the former, unlike the latter, search for food together  and signal their individual findings to one another. 

Joe spoke of superfluous and  (vital)  matters with  exactly the same degree of intensity, as though for  him serious issues mattered neither more nor less  than did  (trivialities) .
Joe spoke of superfluous and  (redundant)  matters with  exactly the same degree of intensity, as though for  him serious issues mattered neither more nor less  than did  (superficialities) .
Joe spoke of superfluous and  (important)  matters with  exactly the same degree of intensity, as though for  him serious issues mattered neither more nor less  than did  (necessities) .
Joe spoke of superfluous and  (impractical)  matters with  exactly the same degree of intensity, as though for  him serious issues mattered neither more nor less  than did  (outcomes) .
Joe spoke of superfluous and  (humdrum)  matters with  exactly the same degree of intensity, as though for  him serious issues mattered neither more nor less  than did  (essentials) .

The value of Davis' sociological research is compromised by his unscrupulous tendency to use  materials (haphazardly)  in order to substantiate his own  claims, while  (deploying)  information that points to other  possible conclusions. 
The value of Davis' sociological research is compromised by his unscrupulous tendency to use  materials (selectively)  in order to substantiate his own  claims, while  (disregarding)  information that points to other  possible conclusions. 
The value of Davis' sociological research is compromised by his unscrupulous tendency to use  materials (cleverly)  in order to substantiate his own  claims, while  (weighing)  information that points to other  possible conclusions. 
The value of Davis' sociological research is compromised by his unscrupulous tendency to use  materials (modestly)  in order to substantiate his own  claims, while  (refuting)  information that points to other  possible conclusions. 
The value of Davis' sociological research is compromised by his unscrupulous tendency to use  materials (arbitrarily)  in order to substantiate his own  claims, while  (emphasizing)  information that points to other  possible conclusions. 

Once Renaissance painters discovered how to  (reverse)   volume and depth, they were able to replace the  medieval convention of symbolic, two-dimensional  space with the more  (conventional)  illusion of actual space. 
Once Renaissance painters discovered how to  (portray)   volume and depth, they were able to replace the  medieval convention of symbolic, two-dimensional  space with the more  (abstract)  illusion of actual space. 
Once Renaissance painters discovered how to  (deny)   volume and depth, they were able to replace the  medieval convention of symbolic, two-dimensional  space with the more  (concrete)  illusion of actual space. 
Once Renaissance painters discovered how to  (adumbrate)   volume and depth, they were able to replace the  medieval convention of symbolic, two-dimensional  space with the more  (fragmented)  illusion of actual space. 
Once Renaissance painters discovered how to  (render)   volume and depth, they were able to replace the  medieval convention of symbolic, two-dimensional  space with the more  (realistic)  illusion of actual space. 

He had expected gratitude for his disclosure, but  instead he encountered  (patience)  bordering on hostility. 
He had expected gratitude for his disclosure, but  instead he encountered  (discretion)  bordering on hostility. 
He had expected gratitude for his disclosure, but  instead he encountered  (openness)  bordering on hostility. 
He had expected gratitude for his disclosure, but  instead he encountered  (ineptitude)  bordering on hostility. 
He had expected gratitude for his disclosure, but  instead he encountered  (indifference)  bordering on hostility. 

The diplomat, selected for her demonstrated patience  and skill in conducting such delicate negotiations,   (resolved)  to make a decision during the talks because any sudden commitment at that time would have been  (detrimental) .
The diplomat, selected for her demonstrated patience  and skill in conducting such delicate negotiations,   (refused)  to make a decision during the talks because any sudden commitment at that time would have been  (apropos) .
The diplomat, selected for her demonstrated patience  and skill in conducting such delicate negotiations,   (declined)  to make a decision during the talks because any sudden commitment at that time would have been  (inopportune) .
The diplomat, selected for her demonstrated patience  and skill in conducting such delicate negotiations,   (struggled)  to make a decision during the talks because any sudden commitment at that time would have been  (unconscionable) .
The diplomat, selected for her demonstrated patience  and skill in conducting such delicate negotiations,   (hesitated)  to make a decision during the talks because any sudden commitment at that time would have been  (warranted) .

Because the monkeys under study are  (ambivalent about)  the    presence of human beings, they typically  (welcome)     human observers and go about their business 
Because the monkeys under study are  (habituated to)  the    presence of human beings, they typically  (disregard)     human observers and go about their business 
Because the monkeys under study are  (pleased with)  the    presence of human beings, they typically  (snub)     human observers and go about their business 
Because the monkeys under study are  (inhibited by)  the    presence of human beings, they typically  (seek)     human observers and go about their business 
Because the monkeys under study are  (unaware of)  the    presence of human beings, they typically  (avoid)     human observers and go about their business 

Give he previously expressed interest and the  ambitious tone of her recent speeches, the senator's  attempt to convince the public that she is not interested in running for a second term is  (laudable) .
Give he previously expressed interest and the  ambitious tone of her recent speeches, the senator's  attempt to convince the public that she is not interested in running for a second term is  (likely) .
Give he previously expressed interest and the  ambitious tone of her recent speeches, the senator's  attempt to convince the public that she is not interested in running for a second term is  (authentic) .
Give he previously expressed interest and the  ambitious tone of her recent speeches, the senator's  attempt to convince the public that she is not interested in running for a second term is  (futile) .
Give he previously expressed interest and the  ambitious tone of her recent speeches, the senator's  attempt to convince the public that she is not interested in running for a second term is  (sincere) .

Many of her followers remain  (opposed)  to her, and    even those who have rejected her leadership are    unconvinced of the  (urgency)  of replacing her during    the current turmoil. 
Many of her followers remain  (friendly)  to her, and    even those who have rejected her leadership are    unconvinced of the  (harm)  of replacing her during    the current turmoil. 
Many of her followers remain  (loyal)  to her, and    even those who have rejected her leadership are    unconvinced of the  (wisdom)  of replacing her during    the current turmoil. 
Many of her followers remain  (cool)  to her, and    even those who have rejected her leadership are    unconvinced of the  (usefulness)  of replacing her during    the current turmoil. 
Many of her followers remain  (sympathetic)  to her, and    even those who have rejected her leadership are    unconvinced of the  (disadvantage)  of replacing her during    the current turmoil. 

Unlike many recent interpretations of Beethoven's  piano sonatas, the recitalist's performance was a  delightfully free and introspective one; nevertheless,  it was also, seemingly paradoxically, quite  (appealing) .
Unlike many recent interpretations of Beethoven's  piano sonatas, the recitalist's performance was a  delightfully free and introspective one; nevertheless,  it was also, seemingly paradoxically, quite  (exuberant) .
Unlike many recent interpretations of Beethoven's  piano sonatas, the recitalist's performance was a  delightfully free and introspective one; nevertheless,  it was also, seemingly paradoxically, quite  (idiosyncratic) .
Unlike many recent interpretations of Beethoven's  piano sonatas, the recitalist's performance was a  delightfully free and introspective one; nevertheless,  it was also, seemingly paradoxically, quite  (unskilled) .
Unlike many recent interpretations of Beethoven's  piano sonatas, the recitalist's performance was a  delightfully free and introspective one; nevertheless,  it was also, seemingly paradoxically, quite  (controlled) .

Species with relatively  (prolific)  metabolic rates, including  hibernators, generally live longer than those whose  metabolic rates are more rapid. 
Species with relatively  (sedentary)  metabolic rates, including  hibernators, generally live longer than those whose  metabolic rates are more rapid. 
Species with relatively  (sluggish)  metabolic rates, including  hibernators, generally live longer than those whose  metabolic rates are more rapid. 
Species with relatively  (measured)  metabolic rates, including  hibernators, generally live longer than those whose  metabolic rates are more rapid. 
Species with relatively  (restive)  metabolic rates, including  hibernators, generally live longer than those whose  metabolic rates are more rapid. 

Belying his earlier reputation for  (intransigence)  as a negotiator,  Morgan had recently assumed a more  (conciliatory)  stance  for which many of his erstwhile critics praised him. 
Belying his earlier reputation for  (impropriety)  as a negotiator,  Morgan had recently assumed a more  (intolerant)  stance  for which many of his erstwhile critics praised him. 
Belying his earlier reputation for  (inflexibility)  as a negotiator,  Morgan had recently assumed a more  (unreasonable)  stance  for which many of his erstwhile critics praised him. 
Belying his earlier reputation for  (success)  as a negotiator,  Morgan had recently assumed a more  (authoritative)  stance  for which many of his erstwhile critics praised him. 
Belying his earlier reputation for  (incompetence)  as a negotiator,  Morgan had recently assumed a more  (combative)  stance  for which many of his erstwhile critics praised him. 

Although Irish literature continued to flourish after  the sixteenth century, a  (rich)  tradition is  (superfluous)   in the visual arts: we think about Irish culture in terms of  the word, not in terms of pictorial images. 
Although Irish literature continued to flourish after  the sixteenth century, a  (lively)  tradition is  (found)   in the visual arts: we think about Irish culture in terms of  the word, not in terms of pictorial images. 
Although Irish literature continued to flourish after  the sixteenth century, a  (comparable)  tradition is  (absent)   in the visual arts: we think about Irish culture in terms of  the word, not in terms of pictorial images. 
Although Irish literature continued to flourish after  the sixteenth century, a  (forgotten)  tradition is  (apparent)   in the visual arts: we think about Irish culture in terms of  the word, not in terms of pictorial images. 
Although Irish literature continued to flourish after  the sixteenth century, a  (lost)  tradition is  (extant)   in the visual arts: we think about Irish culture in terms of  the word, not in terms of pictorial images. 

Although sales have continued to increase since last  April, unfortunately the rate of increase has  (resurged) .
Although sales have continued to increase since last  April, unfortunately the rate of increase has  (capitulated) .
Although sales have continued to increase since last  April, unfortunately the rate of increase has  (retaliated) .
Although sales have continued to increase since last  April, unfortunately the rate of increase has  (persevered) .
Although sales have continued to increase since last  April, unfortunately the rate of increase has  (decelerated) .

Although the mental process that creates a fresh and  original poem or drama is doubtless  (peripheral to)  that which  originates and elaborates scientific discoveries, there  is clearly a discernible difference between the creators 
Although the mental process that creates a fresh and  original poem or drama is doubtless  (contiguous with)  that which  originates and elaborates scientific discoveries, there  is clearly a discernible difference between the creators 
Although the mental process that creates a fresh and  original poem or drama is doubtless  (opposed to)  that which  originates and elaborates scientific discoveries, there  is clearly a discernible difference between the creators 
Although the mental process that creates a fresh and  original poem or drama is doubtless  (analogous to)  that which  originates and elaborates scientific discoveries, there  is clearly a discernible difference between the creators 
Although the mental process that creates a fresh and  original poem or drama is doubtless  (inconsistent with)  that which  originates and elaborates scientific discoveries, there  is clearly a discernible difference between the creators 

It is disappointing to note that the latest edition of  the bibliography belies its long-standing reputation  for  (imprecision)  by  (appropriating)  some significant references to  recent publications. 
It is disappointing to note that the latest edition of  the bibliography belies its long-standing reputation  for  (relevance)  by  (adding)  some significant references to  recent publications. 
It is disappointing to note that the latest edition of  the bibliography belies its long-standing reputation  for  (timeliness)  by  (updating)  some significant references to  recent publications. 
It is disappointing to note that the latest edition of  the bibliography belies its long-standing reputation  for  (meticulousness)  by  (revising)  some significant references to  recent publications. 
It is disappointing to note that the latest edition of  the bibliography belies its long-standing reputation  for  (exhaustiveness)  by  (omitting)  some significant references to  recent publications. 

Although Simpson was ingenious at  (intending)  to appear  innovative and spontaneous, beneath the ruse he  remained uninspired and rigid in his approach to  problem-solving. 
Although Simpson was ingenious at  (contriving)  to appear  innovative and spontaneous, beneath the ruse he  remained uninspired and rigid in his approach to  problem-solving. 
Although Simpson was ingenious at  (forbearing)  to appear  innovative and spontaneous, beneath the ruse he  remained uninspired and rigid in his approach to  problem-solving. 
Although Simpson was ingenious at  (declining)  to appear  innovative and spontaneous, beneath the ruse he  remained uninspired and rigid in his approach to  problem-solving. 
Although Simpson was ingenious at  (deserving)  to appear  innovative and spontaneous, beneath the ruse he  remained uninspired and rigid in his approach to  problem-solving. 

She was criticized by her fellow lawyers not because  she was not  (well versed) , but because she so  (knowledgeably)  prepared her cases that she failed to bring the expected  number to trial. 
She was criticized by her fellow lawyers not because  she was not  (well trained) , but because she so  (enthusiastically)  prepared her cases that she failed to bring the expected  number to trial. 
She was criticized by her fellow lawyers not because  she was not  (congenial) , but because she so  (rapidly)  prepared her cases that she failed to bring the expected  number to trial. 
She was criticized by her fellow lawyers not because  she was not  (hardworking) , but because she so  (minutely)  prepared her cases that she failed to bring the expected  number to trial. 
She was criticized by her fellow lawyers not because  she was not  (astute) , but because she so  (efficiently)  prepared her cases that she failed to bring the expected  number to trial. 

Schlesinger has recently assumed a conciliatory attitude that is not  (eschewed)  by his colleagues, who continue to  (dread)  compromise. 
Schlesinger has recently assumed a conciliatory attitude that is not  (shared)  by his colleagues, who continue to  (defend against)  compromise. 
Schlesinger has recently assumed a conciliatory attitude that is not  (questioned)  by his colleagues, who continue to  (reject)  compromise. 
Schlesinger has recently assumed a conciliatory attitude that is not  (understood)  by his colleagues, who continue to  (advocate)  compromise. 
Schlesinger has recently assumed a conciliatory attitude that is not  (commended)  by his colleagues, who continue to  (disparage)  compromise. 

The National Archives contain information so  (divisive)   that researchers have been known never to publish  because they cannot bear to bring their studies to an  end. 
The National Archives contain information so  (seductive)   that researchers have been known never to publish  because they cannot bear to bring their studies to an  end. 
The National Archives contain information so  (selective)   that researchers have been known never to publish  because they cannot bear to bring their studies to an  end. 
The National Archives contain information so  (repetitive)   that researchers have been known never to publish  because they cannot bear to bring their studies to an  end. 
The National Archives contain information so  (resourceful)   that researchers have been known never to publish  because they cannot bear to bring their studies to an  end. 

Although sales have continued to increase since last  April, unfortunately the rate of increase has  (resurged) .
Although sales have continued to increase since last  April, unfortunately the rate of increase has  (capitulated) .
Although sales have continued to increase since last  April, unfortunately the rate of increase has  (retaliated) .
Although sales have continued to increase since last  April, unfortunately the rate of increase has  (persevered) .
Although sales have continued to increase since last  April, unfortunately the rate of increase has  (decelerated) .

Although the mental process that creates a fresh and  original poem or drama is doubtless  (peripheral to)  that which  originates and elaborates scientific discoveries, there  is clearly a discernible difference between the creators 
Although the mental process that creates a fresh and  original poem or drama is doubtless  (contiguous with)  that which  originates and elaborates scientific discoveries, there  is clearly a discernible difference between the creators 
Although the mental process that creates a fresh and  original poem or drama is doubtless  (opposed to)  that which  originates and elaborates scientific discoveries, there  is clearly a discernible difference between the creators 
Although the mental process that creates a fresh and  original poem or drama is doubtless  (analogous to)  that which  originates and elaborates scientific discoveries, there  is clearly a discernible difference between the creators 
Although the mental process that creates a fresh and  original poem or drama is doubtless  (inconsistent with)  that which  originates and elaborates scientific discoveries, there  is clearly a discernible difference between the creators 

It is disappointing to note that the latest edition of  the bibliography belies its long-standing reputation  for  (imprecision)  by  (appropriating)  some significant references to  recent publications. 
It is disappointing to note that the latest edition of  the bibliography belies its long-standing reputation  for  (relevance)  by  (adding)  some significant references to  recent publications. 
It is disappointing to note that the latest edition of  the bibliography belies its long-standing reputation  for  (timeliness)  by  (updating)  some significant references to  recent publications. 
It is disappointing to note that the latest edition of  the bibliography belies its long-standing reputation  for  (meticulousness)  by  (revising)  some significant references to  recent publications. 
It is disappointing to note that the latest edition of  the bibliography belies its long-standing reputation  for  (exhaustiveness)  by  (omitting)  some significant references to  recent publications. 

Although Simpson was ingenious at  (intending)  to appear  innovative and spontaneous, beneath the ruse he  remained uninspired and rigid in his approach to  problem-solving. 
Although Simpson was ingenious at  (contriving)  to appear  innovative and spontaneous, beneath the ruse he  remained uninspired and rigid in his approach to  problem-solving. 
Although Simpson was ingenious at  (forbearing)  to appear  innovative and spontaneous, beneath the ruse he  remained uninspired and rigid in his approach to  problem-solving. 
Although Simpson was ingenious at  (declining)  to appear  innovative and spontaneous, beneath the ruse he  remained uninspired and rigid in his approach to  problem-solving. 
Although Simpson was ingenious at  (deserving)  to appear  innovative and spontaneous, beneath the ruse he  remained uninspired and rigid in his approach to  problem-solving. 

She was criticized by her fellow lawyers not because  she was not  (well versed) , but because she so  (knowledgeably)  prepared her cases that she failed to bring the expected  number to trial. 
She was criticized by her fellow lawyers not because  she was not  (well trained) , but because she so  (enthusiastically)  prepared her cases that she failed to bring the expected  number to trial. 
She was criticized by her fellow lawyers not because  she was not  (congenial) , but because she so  (rapidly)  prepared her cases that she failed to bring the expected  number to trial. 
She was criticized by her fellow lawyers not because  she was not  (hardworking) , but because she so  (minutely)  prepared her cases that she failed to bring the expected  number to trial. 
She was criticized by her fellow lawyers not because  she was not  (astute) , but because she so  (efficiently)  prepared her cases that she failed to bring the expected  number to trial. 

Schlesinger has recently assumed a conciliatory attitude that is not  (eschewed)  by his colleagues, who continue to  (dread)  compromise. 
Schlesinger has recently assumed a conciliatory attitude that is not  (shared)  by his colleagues, who continue to  (defend against)  compromise. 
Schlesinger has recently assumed a conciliatory attitude that is not  (questioned)  by his colleagues, who continue to  (reject)  compromise. 
Schlesinger has recently assumed a conciliatory attitude that is not  (understood)  by his colleagues, who continue to  (advocate)  compromise. 
Schlesinger has recently assumed a conciliatory attitude that is not  (commended)  by his colleagues, who continue to  (disparage)  compromise. 

The National Archives contain information so  (divisive)   that researchers have been known never to publish  because they cannot bear to bring their studies to an  end. 
The National Archives contain information so  (seductive)   that researchers have been known never to publish  because they cannot bear to bring their studies to an  end. 
The National Archives contain information so  (selective)   that researchers have been known never to publish  because they cannot bear to bring their studies to an  end. 
The National Archives contain information so  (repetitive)   that researchers have been known never to publish  because they cannot bear to bring their studies to an  end. 
The National Archives contain information so  (resourceful)   that researchers have been known never to publish  because they cannot bear to bring their studies to an  end. 

Because modern scientists find the ancient Greek  view of the cosmos outdated and irrelevant, they  now perceive it as only of  (historical)  interest.
Because modern scientists find the ancient Greek  view of the cosmos outdated and irrelevant, they  now perceive it as only of  (intrinsic)  interest.
Because modern scientists find the ancient Greek  view of the cosmos outdated and irrelevant, they  now perceive it as only of  (astronomical)  interest.
Because modern scientists find the ancient Greek  view of the cosmos outdated and irrelevant, they  now perceive it as only of  (experimental)  interest.
Because modern scientists find the ancient Greek  view of the cosmos outdated and irrelevant, they  now perceive it as only of  (superfluous)  interest.

Religious philosopher that he was. Henry More  derived his conception of an infinite universe from  the Infinite God in whom he believed, a benevolent  God of  (plenitude) whose nature was to create (abundance) 
Religious philosopher that he was. Henry More  derived his conception of an infinite universe from  the Infinite God in whom he believed, a benevolent  God of  (vengeance) whose nature was to create (justice) 
Religious philosopher that he was. Henry More  derived his conception of an infinite universe from  the Infinite God in whom he believed, a benevolent  God of  (indifference) whose nature was to create (suffering) 
Religious philosopher that he was. Henry More  derived his conception of an infinite universe from  the Infinite God in whom he believed, a benevolent  God of  (indulgence) whose nature was to create (temperance) 
Religious philosopher that he was. Henry More  derived his conception of an infinite universe from  the Infinite God in whom he believed, a benevolent  God of  (rectitude) whose nature was to create (havoc) 

While some argue that imposing tolls on highway  users circumvents the need to raise public taxes  for road maintenance, the phenomenal expense of  maintaining a vast network of roads (avoids) reliance  on these general taxes.
While some argue that imposing tolls on highway  users circumvents the need to raise public taxes  for road maintenance, the phenomenal expense of  maintaining a vast network of roads (diminishes) reliance  on these general taxes.
While some argue that imposing tolls on highway  users circumvents the need to raise public taxes  for road maintenance, the phenomenal expense of  maintaining a vast network of roads (necessitates) reliance  on these general taxes.
While some argue that imposing tolls on highway  users circumvents the need to raise public taxes  for road maintenance, the phenomenal expense of  maintaining a vast network of roads (discourages) reliance  on these general taxes.
While some argue that imposing tolls on highway  users circumvents the need to raise public taxes  for road maintenance, the phenomenal expense of  maintaining a vast network of roads (ameliorates) reliance  on these general taxes.

Although they were not direct (impressions) ,the new arts of  the Classical period were clearly created in the spirit  of older Roman models and thus (introduced) many features  of the older style.
Although they were not direct (translations) ,the new arts of  the Classical period were clearly created in the spirit  of older Roman models and thus (accentuated) many features  of the older style.
Although they were not direct (copies) ,the new arts of  the Classical period were clearly created in the spirit  of older Roman models and thus (maintained) many features  of the older style.
Although they were not direct (masterpieces) ,the new arts of  the Classical period were clearly created in the spirit  of older Roman models and thus (depicted) many features  of the older style.
Although they were not direct (borrowings) ,the new arts of  the Classical period were clearly created in the spirit  of older Roman models and thus (improvised) many features  of the older style.

In spite of the increasing (impartiality) of their opinions, the  group knew they had to arrive at a consensus so that  the award could be presented
In spite of the increasing (consistency) of their opinions, the  group knew they had to arrive at a consensus so that  the award could be presented
In spite of the increasing (judiciousness) of their opinions, the  group knew they had to arrive at a consensus so that  the award could be presented
In spite of the increasing (incisiveness) of their opinions, the  group knew they had to arrive at a consensus so that  the award could be presented
In spite of the increasing (polarity) of their opinions, the  group knew they had to arrive at a consensus so that  the award could be presented

By forcing our surrender to the authority of the clock  systematic timekeeping has imposed a form of (anarchy)  on society.
By forcing our surrender to the authority of the clock  systematic timekeeping has imposed a form of (permanence)  on society.
By forcing our surrender to the authority of the clock  systematic timekeeping has imposed a form of (provincialism)  on society.
By forcing our surrender to the authority of the clock  systematic timekeeping has imposed a form of (tyranny)  on society.
By forcing our surrender to the authority of the clock  systematic timekeeping has imposed a form of (autonomy)  on society.

Our high (nuanced) vocabulary for street crime contrasts  sharply with our (subtle) vocabulary for corporate crime,  a fact that corresponds to the general public's unawareness of the extent of corporate crime.
Our high (uninformative) vocabulary for street crime contrasts  sharply with our (misleading) vocabulary for corporate crime,  a fact that corresponds to the general public's unawareness of the extent of corporate crime.
Our high (euphemistic) vocabulary for street crime contrasts  sharply with our (abstract) vocabulary for corporate crime,  a fact that corresponds to the general public's unawareness of the extent of corporate crime.
Our high (differentiated) vocabulary for street crime contrasts  sharply with our (limited) vocabulary for corporate crime,  a fact that corresponds to the general public's unawareness of the extent of corporate crime.
Our high (technical) vocabulary for street crime contrasts  sharply with our (jargon-laden) vocabulary for corporate crime,  a fact that corresponds to the general public's unawareness of the extent of corporate crime.

While scientists dismiss as fanciful the idea of sudden  changes in a genetic code (spontaneous mutation), it  is possible that nature, like some master musician,   (repeats)  on occasion, departing from the expected or  predictable. 
While scientists dismiss as fanciful the idea of sudden  changes in a genetic code (spontaneous mutation), it  is possible that nature, like some master musician,   (improvises)  on occasion, departing from the expected or  predictable. 
While scientists dismiss as fanciful the idea of sudden  changes in a genetic code (spontaneous mutation), it  is possible that nature, like some master musician,   (ornaments)  on occasion, departing from the expected or  predictable. 
While scientists dismiss as fanciful the idea of sudden  changes in a genetic code (spontaneous mutation), it  is possible that nature, like some master musician,   (corrects)  on occasion, departing from the expected or  predictable. 
While scientists dismiss as fanciful the idea of sudden  changes in a genetic code (spontaneous mutation), it  is possible that nature, like some master musician,   (harmonizes)  on occasion, departing from the expected or  predictable. 

Despite the  (continuity)  of time, space, and history, human  societies the world over have confronted the same  existential problems and have come to remarkably   (identical)  solutions, differing only in superficial details. 
Despite the  (uniformity)  of time, space, and history, human  societies the world over have confronted the same  existential problems and have come to remarkably   (diverse)  solutions, differing only in superficial details. 
Despite the  (actualities)  of time, space, and history, human  societies the world over have confronted the same  existential problems and have come to remarkably   (varied)  solutions, differing only in superficial details. 
Despite the  (contingencies)  of time, space, and history, human  societies the world over have confronted the same  existential problems and have come to remarkably   (similar)  solutions, differing only in superficial details. 
Despite the  (exigencies)  of time, space, and history, human  societies the world over have confronted the same  existential problems and have come to remarkably   (unique)  solutions, differing only in superficial details. 

Although he was known to be extremely  (reserved)  in his  public behavior, scholars have discovered that his  diaries were written with uncommon  (frankness) .
Although he was known to be extremely  (polite)  in his  public behavior, scholars have discovered that his  diaries were written with uncommon  (tenderness) .
Although he was known to be extremely  (modest)  in his  public behavior, scholars have discovered that his  diaries were written with uncommon  (lucidity) .
Although he was known to be extremely  (reticent)  in his  public behavior, scholars have discovered that his  diaries were written with uncommon  (vagueness) .
Although he was known to be extremely  (withdrawn)  in his  public behavior, scholars have discovered that his  diaries were written with uncommon  (subtlety) .

With the  (limitation)  of scientific knowledge, work on  the new edition of a textbook begins soon after  completion of the original. 
With the  (culmination)  of scientific knowledge, work on  the new edition of a textbook begins soon after  completion of the original. 
With the  (veneration)  of scientific knowledge, work on  the new edition of a textbook begins soon after  completion of the original. 
With the  (certainty)  of scientific knowledge, work on  the new edition of a textbook begins soon after  completion of the original. 
With the  (burgeoning)  of scientific knowledge, work on  the new edition of a textbook begins soon after  completion of the original. 

She is most frugal in matters of business, but in her  private life she reveals a streak of  (antipathy) .  
She is most frugal in matters of business, but in her  private life she reveals a streak of  (misanthropy) .  
She is most frugal in matters of business, but in her  private life she reveals a streak of  (virtuosity) .  
She is most frugal in matters of business, but in her  private life she reveals a streak of  (equanimity) .  
She is most frugal in matters of business, but in her  private life she reveals a streak of  (prodigality) .  

If the state government's latest budget problems  were  (typical) , it would not be useful to employ them as  (representative) examples in the effort to avoid the inevitable effects of shortsighted fiscal planning in the future. 
If the state government's latest budget problems  were  (exceptional) , it would not be useful to employ them as  (aberrant) examples in the effort to avoid the inevitable effects of shortsighted fiscal planning in the future. 
If the state government's latest budget problems  were  (anomalous) , it would not be useful to employ them as  (illuminating) examples in the effort to avoid the inevitable effects of shortsighted fiscal planning in the future. 
If the state government's latest budget problems  were  (predictable) , it would not be useful to employ them as  (helpful) examples in the effort to avoid the inevitable effects of shortsighted fiscal planning in the future. 
If the state government's latest budget problems  were  (solvable) , it would not be useful to employ them as  (insignificant) examples in the effort to avoid the inevitable effects of shortsighted fiscal planning in the future. 

Just as some writers have  (scoffed at)  the capacity of  language to express meaning, Giacometti  (abjured)  the  failure of art to convey reality. 
Just as some writers have  (demonstrated)  the capacity of  language to express meaning, Giacometti  (exemplified)  the  failure of art to convey reality. 
Just as some writers have  (denied)  the capacity of  language to express meaning, Giacometti  (refuted)  the  failure of art to convey reality. 
Just as some writers have  (proclaimed)  the capacity of  language to express meaning, Giacometti  (affirmed)  the  failure of art to convey reality. 
Just as some writers have  (despaired of)  the capacity of  language to express meaning, Giacometti  (bewailed)  the  failure of art to convey reality. 

In spite of the fact that it is convenient to divide the  life span of animals into separate stages such as prenatal, adolescent, and senescent, these periods are not  really (advanced) .  
In spite of the fact that it is convenient to divide the  life span of animals into separate stages such as prenatal, adolescent, and senescent, these periods are not  really (variable) .  
In spite of the fact that it is convenient to divide the  life span of animals into separate stages such as prenatal, adolescent, and senescent, these periods are not  really (repeatable) .  
In spite of the fact that it is convenient to divide the  life span of animals into separate stages such as prenatal, adolescent, and senescent, these periods are not  really (connected) .  
In spite of the fact that it is convenient to divide the  life span of animals into separate stages such as prenatal, adolescent, and senescent, these periods are not  really (distinct) .  

Although the number of reported volcanic eruptions  has risen exponentially since 1850, this indicates not   (abating)  volcanic activity but rather more widespread  and  (detailed)  record keeping.  
Although the number of reported volcanic eruptions  has risen exponentially since 1850, this indicates not   (increasing)  volcanic activity but rather more widespread  and  (systematic)  record keeping.  
Although the number of reported volcanic eruptions  has risen exponentially since 1850, this indicates not   (substantial)  volcanic activity but rather more widespread  and  (erratic)  record keeping.  
Although the number of reported volcanic eruptions  has risen exponentially since 1850, this indicates not   (stable)  volcanic activity but rather more widespread  and  (superficial)  record keeping.  
Although the number of reported volcanic eruptions  has risen exponentially since 1850, this indicates not   (consistent)  volcanic activity but rather more widespread  and  (meticulous)  record keeping.  

The challenge of interpreting fictional works written  under politically repressive regimes lies in distinguishing what is  (innate)  to an author's beliefs, as  opposed to what is  (understood)  by political coercion.  
The challenge of interpreting fictional works written  under politically repressive regimes lies in distinguishing what is  (organic)  to an author's beliefs, as  opposed to what is  (imposed)  by political coercion.  
The challenge of interpreting fictional works written  under politically repressive regimes lies in distinguishing what is  (contradictory)  to an author's beliefs, as  opposed to what is  (conveyed)  by political coercion.  
The challenge of interpreting fictional works written  under politically repressive regimes lies in distinguishing what is  (oblique)  to an author's beliefs, as  opposed to what is  (captured)  by political coercion.  
The challenge of interpreting fictional works written  under politically repressive regimes lies in distinguishing what is  (peripheral)  to an author's beliefs, as  opposed to what is  (demanded)  by political coercion.  

I am often impressed by my own  (analysis of)  other  people's idiocies: what is harder to  (justify)  is that they,  in their folly, are equally engaged in putting up with  mine.  
I am often impressed by my own  (forbearance toward)  other  people's idiocies: what is harder to  (underestimate)  is that they,  in their folly, are equally engaged in putting up with  mine.  
I am often impressed by my own  (exasperation with)  other  people's idiocies: what is harder to  (credit)  is that they,  in their folly, are equally engaged in putting up with  mine.  
I am often impressed by my own  (involvement in)  other  people's idiocies: what is harder to  (allow)  is that they,  in their folly, are equally engaged in putting up with  mine.  
I am often impressed by my own  (tolerance of)  other  people's idiocies: what is harder to  (appreciate)  is that they,  in their folly, are equally engaged in putting up with  mine.  

Despite vigorous protestations, the grin on the teenager's face  (belied) her denial that she had known  about the practical joke before it was played on her  parents.  
Despite vigorous protestations, the grin on the teenager's face  (illustrated) her denial that she had known  about the practical joke before it was played on her  parents.  
Despite vigorous protestations, the grin on the teenager's face  (reinforced) her denial that she had known  about the practical joke before it was played on her  parents.  
Despite vigorous protestations, the grin on the teenager's face  (exacerbated) her denial that she had known  about the practical joke before it was played on her  parents.  
Despite vigorous protestations, the grin on the teenager's face  (trivialized) her denial that she had known  about the practical joke before it was played on her  parents.  

Far from undermining the impression of permanent  decline, the  (indecorous)  statue seemed emblematic of its   (opulent)  surroundings.  
Far from undermining the impression of permanent  decline, the  (grandiose)  statue seemed emblematic of its   (ramshackle)  surroundings.  
Far from undermining the impression of permanent  decline, the  (pretentious)  statue seemed emblematic of its   (simple)  surroundings.  
Far from undermining the impression of permanent  decline, the  (ungainly)  statue seemed emblematic of its   (elegant)  surroundings.  
Far from undermining the impression of permanent  decline, the  (tawdry)  statue seemed emblematic of its   (blighted)  surroundings.  

Despite the fact that it is almost universally  (condemned) ,  the practice of indentured servitude still  (abates)  in  many parts of the world. 
Despite the fact that it is almost universally  (tolerated) ,  the practice of indentured servitude still  (survives)  in  many parts of the world. 
Despite the fact that it is almost universally  (proscribed) ,  the practice of indentured servitude still  (persists)  in  many parts of the world. 
Despite the fact that it is almost universally  (mandated) ,  the practice of indentured servitude still  (lingers)  in  many parts of the world. 
Despite the fact that it is almost universally  (disdained) ,  the practice of indentured servitude still  (intervenes)  in  many parts of the world. 

What these people were waiting for would not    have been apparent to others and was perhaps not    very (obscure to) their own minds.
What these people were waiting for would not    have been apparent to others and was perhaps not    very (intimate to) their own minds.
What these people were waiting for would not    have been apparent to others and was perhaps not    very (illusory to) their own minds.
What these people were waiting for would not    have been apparent to others and was perhaps not    very (difficult for) their own minds.
What these people were waiting for would not    have been apparent to others and was perhaps not    very (definite in) their own minds.

The attempt to breed suitable varieties of jojoba    by using hybridization to (eliminate) favorable traits was    finally abandoned in favor of a simpler and much    faster (alternative) : the domestication of flourishing wild    strains.
The attempt to breed suitable varieties of jojoba    by using hybridization to (reinforce) favorable traits was    finally abandoned in favor of a simpler and much    faster (method) : the domestication of flourishing wild    strains.
The attempt to breed suitable varieties of jojoba    by using hybridization to (allow) favorable traits was    finally abandoned in favor of a simpler and much    faster (creation) : the domestication of flourishing wild    strains.
The attempt to breed suitable varieties of jojoba    by using hybridization to (reduce) favorable traits was    finally abandoned in favor of a simpler and much    faster (idea) : the domestication of flourishing wild    strains.
The attempt to breed suitable varieties of jojoba    by using hybridization to (concentrate) favorable traits was    finally abandoned in favor of a simpler and much    faster (theory) : the domestication of flourishing wild    strains.

According to one political theorist, a regime that    has as its goal absolute (respectability) , without any (codification of) law or    principle, has declared war on justice.
According to one political theorist, a regime that    has as its goal absolute (supremacy) , without any (suppression of) law or    principle, has declared war on justice.
According to one political theorist, a regime that    has as its goal absolute (autonomy) , without any (accountability to) law or    principle, has declared war on justice.
According to one political theorist, a regime that    has as its goal absolute (fairness) , without any (deviation from) law or    principle, has declared war on justice.
According to one political theorist, a regime that    has as its goal absolute (responsibility) , without any (prioritization of) law or    principle, has declared war on justice.

Despite its  (optimism) , the book deals (cursorily) with a number of    crucial issues.
Despite its  (importance) , the book deals (needlessly) with a number of    crucial issues.
Despite its  (virtues) , the book deals (inadequately) with a number of    crucial issues.
Despite its  (novelty) , the book deals (strangely) with a number of    crucial issues.
Despite its  (completeness) , the book deals (thoroughly) with a number of    crucial issues.

Although frequent air travelers remain    unconvinced, researchers have found that,    paradoxically, the (temporal) disorientation inherent in jet    lag also may yield some mental health (benefits) .
Although frequent air travelers remain    unconvinced, researchers have found that,    paradoxically, the (acquired) disorientation inherent in jet    lag also may yield some mental health (hazards) .
Although frequent air travelers remain    unconvinced, researchers have found that,    paradoxically, the (somatic) disorientation inherent in jet    lag also may yield some mental health (disorders) .
Although frequent air travelers remain    unconvinced, researchers have found that,    paradoxically, the (random) disorientation inherent in jet    lag also may yield some mental health (deficiencies) .
Although frequent air travelers remain    unconvinced, researchers have found that,    paradoxically, the (typical) disorientation inherent in jet    lag also may yield some mental health (standards) .

Ironically, the proper use of figurative language    must be based on the denotative meaning of the    words, because it is the failure to recognize this (esoteric)    meaning that leads to mixed metaphors and their    attendant incongruity.
Ironically, the proper use of figurative language    must be based on the denotative meaning of the    words, because it is the failure to recognize this (literal)    meaning that leads to mixed metaphors and their    attendant incongruity.
Ironically, the proper use of figurative language    must be based on the denotative meaning of the    words, because it is the failure to recognize this (latent)    meaning that leads to mixed metaphors and their    attendant incongruity.
Ironically, the proper use of figurative language    must be based on the denotative meaning of the    words, because it is the failure to recognize this (allusive)    meaning that leads to mixed metaphors and their    attendant incongruity.
Ironically, the proper use of figurative language    must be based on the denotative meaning of the    words, because it is the failure to recognize this (symbolic)    meaning that leads to mixed metaphors and their    attendant incongruity.

Although it seems (paradoxical) that there would be a greater    risk of serious automobile accidents in densely    populated areas, such accidents are more likely to    occur in sparsely populated regions.
Although it seems (axiomatic) that there would be a greater    risk of serious automobile accidents in densely    populated areas, such accidents are more likely to    occur in sparsely populated regions.
Although it seems (anomalous) that there would be a greater    risk of serious automobile accidents in densely    populated areas, such accidents are more likely to    occur in sparsely populated regions.
Although it seems (irrelevant) that there would be a greater    risk of serious automobile accidents in densely    populated areas, such accidents are more likely to    occur in sparsely populated regions.
Although it seems (portentous) that there would be a greater    risk of serious automobile accidents in densely    populated areas, such accidents are more likely to    occur in sparsely populated regions.

If the theory is self-evidently true, as its    proponents assert, then why does (support for) it still exist    among well-informed people?
If the theory is self-evidently true, as its    proponents assert, then why does (excitement about) it still exist    among well-informed people?
If the theory is self-evidently true, as its    proponents assert, then why does (regret for) it still exist    among well-informed people?
If the theory is self-evidently true, as its    proponents assert, then why does (resignation about) it still exist    among well-informed people?
If the theory is self-evidently true, as its    proponents assert, then why does (opposition to) it still exist    among well-informed people?

Although the  (occurrence) of cases of measles has  (continued) ,    researchers fear that eradication of the disease,    once believed to be imminent, may not come    soon.
Although the  (incidence) of cases of measles has  (declined) ,    researchers fear that eradication of the disease,    once believed to be imminent, may not come    soon.
Although the  (prediction) of cases of measles has  (resumed) ,    researchers fear that eradication of the disease,    once believed to be imminent, may not come    soon.
Although the  (number) of cases of measles has  (increased) ,    researchers fear that eradication of the disease,    once believed to be imminent, may not come    soon.
Although the  (study) of cases of measles has  (begun) ,    researchers fear that eradication of the disease,    once believed to be imminent, may not come    soon.

Nothing (justifies) his irresponsibility better than his (conspicuous)    delay in sending us the items he promised weeks    ago.
Nothing (characterizes) his irresponsibility better than his (timely)    delay in sending us the items he promised weeks    ago.
Nothing (epitomizes) his irresponsibility better than his (unnecessary)    delay in sending us the items he promised weeks    ago.
Nothing (reveals) his irresponsibility better than his (conscientious)    delay in sending us the items he promised weeks    ago.
Nothing (conceals) his irresponsibility better than his (inexplicable)    delay in sending us the items he promised weeks    ago.

The author did not see the (disinterest) inherent in her    scathing criticism of a writing style so similar to    her own. 
The author did not see the (incongruity) inherent in her    scathing criticism of a writing style so similar to    her own. 
The author did not see the (pessimism) inherent in her    scathing criticism of a writing style so similar to    her own. 
The author did not see the (compliment) inherent in her    scathing criticism of a writing style so similar to    her own. 
The author did not see the (symbolism) inherent in her    scathing criticism of a writing style so similar to    her own. 

Whereas the Elizabethans struggled with the    transition from medieval (literary) experience to modern    individualism, we confront an electronic    technology that seems likely to reverse the trend,    rendering individualism obsolete and    interdependence mandatory.
Whereas the Elizabethans struggled with the    transition from medieval (intuitive) experience to modern    individualism, we confront an electronic    technology that seems likely to reverse the trend,    rendering individualism obsolete and    interdependence mandatory.
Whereas the Elizabethans struggled with the    transition from medieval (corporate) experience to modern    individualism, we confront an electronic    technology that seems likely to reverse the trend,    rendering individualism obsolete and    interdependence mandatory.
Whereas the Elizabethans struggled with the    transition from medieval (heroic) experience to modern    individualism, we confront an electronic    technology that seems likely to reverse the trend,    rendering individualism obsolete and    interdependence mandatory.
Whereas the Elizabethans struggled with the    transition from medieval (spiritual) experience to modern    individualism, we confront an electronic    technology that seems likely to reverse the trend,    rendering individualism obsolete and    interdependence mandatory.

Our biological uniqueness requires that the effects    of a substance must be verified by (controlled) experiments,    even after thousands of tests of the effects of that    substance on animals.
Our biological uniqueness requires that the effects    of a substance must be verified by (random) experiments,    even after thousands of tests of the effects of that    substance on animals.
Our biological uniqueness requires that the effects    of a substance must be verified by (replicated) experiments,    even after thousands of tests of the effects of that    substance on animals.
Our biological uniqueness requires that the effects    of a substance must be verified by (human) experiments,    even after thousands of tests of the effects of that    substance on animals.
Our biological uniqueness requires that the effects    of a substance must be verified by (evolutionary) experiments,    even after thousands of tests of the effects of that    substance on animals.

Today water is more (conspicuous) in landscape architecture    than ever before, because technological advances    have made it easy, in some instances even  (prohibitive) to    install water features in public places. 
Today water is more (sporadic) in landscape architecture    than ever before, because technological advances    have made it easy, in some instances even  (effortless) to    install water features in public places. 
Today water is more (indispensable) in landscape architecture    than ever before, because technological advances    have made it easy, in some instances even  (intricate) to    install water features in public places. 
Today water is more (ubiquitous) in landscape architecture    than ever before, because technological advances    have made it easy, in some instances even  (obligatory) to    install water features in public places. 
Today water is more (controversial) in landscape architecture    than ever before, because technological advances    have made it easy, in some instances even  (unnecessary) to    install water features in public places. 

While many Russian composers of the    nineteenth century contributed to an emerging    national style, other composers did not (utilize)    idiomatic Russian musical elements,  (rejecting)  instead       the traditional musical vocabulary of Western    European Romanticism.
While many Russian composers of the    nineteenth century contributed to an emerging    national style, other composers did not (incorporate)    idiomatic Russian musical elements,  (preferring)  instead       the traditional musical vocabulary of Western    European Romanticism.
While many Russian composers of the    nineteenth century contributed to an emerging    national style, other composers did not (exclude)    idiomatic Russian musical elements,  (avoiding)  instead       the traditional musical vocabulary of Western    European Romanticism.
While many Russian composers of the    nineteenth century contributed to an emerging    national style, other composers did not (repudiate)    idiomatic Russian musical elements,  (expanding)  instead       the traditional musical vocabulary of Western    European Romanticism.
While many Russian composers of the    nineteenth century contributed to an emerging    national style, other composers did not (esteem)    idiomatic Russian musical elements,  (disdaining)  instead       the traditional musical vocabulary of Western    European Romanticism.

Because the painter Albert Pinkham Ryder was    obsessed with his  (quest for) perfection, he was rarely     (satisfied with) a painting, creating endless variations of a    scene on one canvas, one on top of another.
Because the painter Albert Pinkham Ryder was    obsessed with his  (insistence on) perfection, he was rarely     (displeased with) a painting, creating endless variations of a    scene on one canvas, one on top of another.
Because the painter Albert Pinkham Ryder was    obsessed with his  (contempt for) perfection, he was rarely     (disconcerted by) a painting, creating endless variations of a    scene on one canvas, one on top of another.
Because the painter Albert Pinkham Ryder was    obsessed with his  (alienation from) perfection, he was rarely     (immersed in) a painting, creating endless variations of a    scene on one canvas, one on top of another.
Because the painter Albert Pinkham Ryder was    obsessed with his  (need for) perfection, he was rarely     (concerned with) a painting, creating endless variations of a    scene on one canvas, one on top of another.

Objectively set standards can serve as a  (trial) for    physicians, providing them  (evidence of) unjustified    malpractice claims.
Objectively set standards can serve as a  (model) for    physicians, providing them  (experience with) unjustified    malpractice claims.
Objectively set standards can serve as a  (criterion) for    physicians, providing them  (reasons for) unjustified    malpractice claims.
Objectively set standards can serve as a  (test) for    physicians, providing them  (questions about) unjustified    malpractice claims.
Objectively set standards can serve as a  (safeguard) for    physicians, providing them  (protection from) unjustified    malpractice claims.

In spite of  (lukewarm) reviews in the press, the    production of her play was  (condemned to) almost certain    oblivion by enthusiastic audiences whose      acumen was greater than that of the critics.
In spite of  (scathing) reviews in the press, the    production of her play was  (exposed to) almost certain    oblivion by enthusiastic audiences whose      acumen was greater than that of the critics.
In spite of  (lackluster) reviews in the press, the    production of her play was  (rescued from) almost certain    oblivion by enthusiastic audiences whose      acumen was greater than that of the critics.
In spite of  (sensitive) reviews in the press, the    production of her play was  (reduced to) almost certain    oblivion by enthusiastic audiences whose      acumen was greater than that of the critics.
In spite of  (admiring) reviews in the press, the    production of her play was  (insured against) almost certain    oblivion by enthusiastic audiences whose      acumen was greater than that of the critics.

The passions of love and pride are often found    in the same individual, but having little in    common, they mutually  (reinforce) , not to say destroy,    each other.
The passions of love and pride are often found    in the same individual, but having little in    common, they mutually  (annihilate) , not to say destroy,    each other.
The passions of love and pride are often found    in the same individual, but having little in    common, they mutually  (enhance) , not to say destroy,    each other.
The passions of love and pride are often found    in the same individual, but having little in    common, they mutually  (weaken) , not to say destroy,    each other.
The passions of love and pride are often found    in the same individual, but having little in    common, they mutually  (embrace) , not to say destroy,    each other.

The necessity of establishing discrete categories    for observations frequently leads to attempts to    make absolute  (analyses) when there are in reality    only (hypotheses) .
The necessity of establishing discrete categories    for observations frequently leads to attempts to    make absolute  (correlations) when there are in reality    only (digressions) .
The necessity of establishing discrete categories    for observations frequently leads to attempts to    make absolute  (distinctions) when there are in reality    only (gradations) .
The necessity of establishing discrete categories    for observations frequently leads to attempts to    make absolute  (complications) when there are in reality    only (ambiguities) .
The necessity of establishing discrete categories    for observations frequently leads to attempts to    make absolute  (conjectures) when there are in reality    only (approximations) .

A unique clay disk found at the Minoan site of    Phaistos is often  (questioned) as the earliest example of    printing by scholars who have defended its claim    to this status despite equivalent claims put    forward for other printing artifacts.
A unique clay disk found at the Minoan site of    Phaistos is often  (overlooked) as the earliest example of    printing by scholars who have defended its claim    to this status despite equivalent claims put    forward for other printing artifacts.
A unique clay disk found at the Minoan site of    Phaistos is often  (adduced) as the earliest example of    printing by scholars who have defended its claim    to this status despite equivalent claims put    forward for other printing artifacts.
A unique clay disk found at the Minoan site of    Phaistos is often  (conceded) as the earliest example of    printing by scholars who have defended its claim    to this status despite equivalent claims put    forward for other printing artifacts.
A unique clay disk found at the Minoan site of    Phaistos is often  (dismissed) as the earliest example of    printing by scholars who have defended its claim    to this status despite equivalent claims put    forward for other printing artifacts.

Punishment for violating moral rules is much    more common than reward for following them;   thus,  (association with)  the rules goes almost  (undefended)  in society.
Punishment for violating moral rules is much    more common than reward for following them;   thus,  (adherence to)  the rules goes almost  (unnoticed)  in society.
Punishment for violating moral rules is much    more common than reward for following them;   thus,  (affiliation of)  the rules goes almost  (uncorrected)  in society.
Punishment for violating moral rules is much    more common than reward for following them;   thus,  (opposition to)  the rules goes almost  (unchecked)  in society.
Punishment for violating moral rules is much    more common than reward for following them;   thus,  (ignorance of)  the rules goes almost  (unresolved)  in society.

Compassion is a great respecter of justice: we   pity those who suffer  (shamelessly) .
Compassion is a great respecter of justice: we   pity those who suffer  (unwittingly) .
Compassion is a great respecter of justice: we   pity those who suffer  (vicariously) .
Compassion is a great respecter of justice: we   pity those who suffer  (intensively) .
Compassion is a great respecter of justice: we   pity those who suffer  (undeservedly) .

No work illustrated his disdain for a systematic   approach to research better than his    dissertation, which was rejected primarily    because his bibliography constituted, at best,    (an unimaginative)  survey of the major texts in his field.
No work illustrated his disdain for a systematic   approach to research better than his    dissertation, which was rejected primarily    because his bibliography constituted, at best,    (an orthodox)  survey of the major texts in his field.
No work illustrated his disdain for a systematic   approach to research better than his    dissertation, which was rejected primarily    because his bibliography constituted, at best,    (a meticulous)  survey of the major texts in his field.
No work illustrated his disdain for a systematic   approach to research better than his    dissertation, which was rejected primarily    because his bibliography constituted, at best,    (a comprehensive)  survey of the major texts in his field.
No work illustrated his disdain for a systematic   approach to research better than his    dissertation, which was rejected primarily    because his bibliography constituted, at best,    (a haphazard)  survey of the major texts in his field.

In contrast to the (intensity)  with which the    acquisition of language by young children was    once regarded, the process by which such    learning occurs has now become the object    of  (fascination)  .
In contrast to the (incuriosity)  with which the    acquisition of language by young children was    once regarded, the process by which such    learning occurs has now become the object    of  (scrutiny)  .
In contrast to the (anxiety)  with which the    acquisition of language by young children was    once regarded, the process by which such    learning occurs has now become the object    of  (criticism)  .
In contrast to the (reverence)  with which the    acquisition of language by young children was    once regarded, the process by which such    learning occurs has now become the object    of  (admiration)  .
In contrast to the (impatience)  with which the    acquisition of language by young children was    once regarded, the process by which such    learning occurs has now become the object    of  (training)  .

The senator's remark that she is ambivalent    about running for a second term is  (disingenuous) given    the extremely  (reluctant)  fund-raising activities of    her campaign committee.
The senator's remark that she is ambivalent    about running for a second term is  (futile) given    the extremely  (clandestine)  fund-raising activities of    her campaign committee.
The senator's remark that she is ambivalent    about running for a second term is  (sincere) given    the extremely  (visible)  fund-raising activities of    her campaign committee.
The senator's remark that she is ambivalent    about running for a second term is  (persuasive) given    the extremely  (apathetic)  fund-raising activities of    her campaign committee.
The senator's remark that she is ambivalent    about running for a second term is  (straightforward) given    the extremely  (energetic)  fund-raising activities of    her campaign committee.

Until quite recently research on diabetes had, as    a kind of holding action, attempted to refine    the  (definition) of the disease, primarily because no    preventive strategy seemed at all likely to    be  (necessary)  .
Until quite recently research on diabetes had, as    a kind of holding action, attempted to refine    the  (anticipation) of the disease, primarily because no    preventive strategy seemed at all likely to    be  (acceptable)  .
Until quite recently research on diabetes had, as    a kind of holding action, attempted to refine    the  (understanding) of the disease, primarily because no    preventive strategy seemed at all likely to    be  (costly)  .
Until quite recently research on diabetes had, as    a kind of holding action, attempted to refine    the  (treatment) of the disease, primarily because no    preventive strategy seemed at all likely to    be  (practicable)  .
Until quite recently research on diabetes had, as    a kind of holding action, attempted to refine    the  (symptoms) of the disease, primarily because no    preventive strategy seemed at all likely to    be  (feasible)  .

Most plant species exhibit  (discontinuity)  in their    geographical distribution: often, a given species    is found over a large geographical area, but    individual populations within that range are    widely  (separated)  .
Most plant species exhibit  (density)  in their    geographical distribution: often, a given species    is found over a large geographical area, but    individual populations within that range are    widely  (dispersed)  .
Most plant species exhibit  (symmetry)  in their    geographical distribution: often, a given species    is found over a large geographical area, but    individual populations within that range are    widely  (observed)  .
Most plant species exhibit  (uniformity)  in their    geographical distribution: often, a given species    is found over a large geographical area, but    individual populations within that range are    widely  (scattered)  .
Most plant species exhibit  (concentration)  in their    geographical distribution: often, a given species    is found over a large geographical area, but    individual populations within that range are    widely  (adaptable)  .

There is hardly a generalization that can be made about people's social behavior and the values informing it that cannot be  (accepted) from one or another point of view, or even  (praised) as simplistic or vapid.
There is hardly a generalization that can be made about people's social behavior and the values informing it that cannot be  (intuited) from one or another point of view, or even  (exposed) as simplistic or vapid.
There is hardly a generalization that can be made about people's social behavior and the values informing it that cannot be  (harangued) from one or another point of view, or even  (retracted) as simplistic or vapid.
There is hardly a generalization that can be made about people's social behavior and the values informing it that cannot be  (defended) from one or another point of view, or even  (glorified) as simplistic or vapid.
There is hardly a generalization that can be made about people's social behavior and the values informing it that cannot be  (challenged) from one or another point of view, or even  (dismissed) as simplistic or vapid.

Although any destruction of vitamins caused by food irradiation could be  (counterbalanced by)  the use of diet supplements, there may be no protection from carcinogens that some fear might be introduced into foods by the process.
Although any destruction of vitamins caused by food irradiation could be  (attributed to)  the use of diet supplements, there may be no protection from carcinogens that some fear might be introduced into foods by the process.
Although any destruction of vitamins caused by food irradiation could be  (inferred from)  the use of diet supplements, there may be no protection from carcinogens that some fear might be introduced into foods by the process.
Although any destruction of vitamins caused by food irradiation could be  (augmented with)  the use of diet supplements, there may be no protection from carcinogens that some fear might be introduced into foods by the process.
Although any destruction of vitamins caused by food irradiation could be  (stimulated by)  the use of diet supplements, there may be no protection from carcinogens that some fear might be introduced into foods by the process.

Though he refused any responsibility for the failure of the negotiations, Stevenson had no right to  (blame) himself: it was his  (skill) that had caused the debacle.
Though he refused any responsibility for the failure of the negotiations, Stevenson had no right to  (congratulate) himself: it was his  (modesty) that had caused the debacle.
Though he refused any responsibility for the failure of the negotiations, Stevenson had no right to  (berate) himself: it was his  (largesse) that had caused the debacle.
Though he refused any responsibility for the failure of the negotiations, Stevenson had no right to  (accuse) himself: it was his  (obstinacy) that had caused the debacle.
Though he refused any responsibility for the failure of the negotiations, Stevenson had no right to  (absolve) himself: it was his  (acrimony) that had caused the debacle.

The prevailing union of passionate interest in detailed facts with equal devotion to abstract  (data) is a hallmark of our present society; in the past this union appeared, at best,  (extensively) and as if by chance.
The prevailing union of passionate interest in detailed facts with equal devotion to abstract  (philosophy) is a hallmark of our present society; in the past this union appeared, at best,  (cyclically) and as if by chance.
The prevailing union of passionate interest in detailed facts with equal devotion to abstract  (generalization) is a hallmark of our present society; in the past this union appeared, at best,  (sporadically) and as if by chance.
The prevailing union of passionate interest in detailed facts with equal devotion to abstract  (evaluation) is a hallmark of our present society; in the past this union appeared, at best,  (opportunely) and as if by chance.
The prevailing union of passionate interest in detailed facts with equal devotion to abstract  (intuition) is a hallmark of our present society; in the past this union appeared, at best,  (.selectively) and as if by chance.

A century ago the physician's word was  (inevitable)  to doubt it was considered almost sacrilegious
A century ago the physician's word was  (intractable)  to doubt it was considered almost sacrilegious
A century ago the physician's word was  (incontrovertible)  to doubt it was considered almost sacrilegious
A century ago the physician's word was  (objective)  to doubt it was considered almost sacrilegious
A century ago the physician's word was  (respectable)  to doubt it was considered almost sacrilegious

So much of modern fiction in the United States is autobiographical, and so much of the auto-biography fictionalized, that the  (authors) sometimes seem largely (ignored) .
So much of modern fiction in the United States is autobiographical, and so much of the auto-biography fictionalized, that the  (needs) sometimes seem largely (unrecognized) .
So much of modern fiction in the United States is autobiographical, and so much of the auto-biography fictionalized, that the  (genres) sometimes seem largely (interchangeable) .
So much of modern fiction in the United States is autobiographical, and so much of the auto-biography fictionalized, that the  (intentions) sometimes seem largely (misunderstood) .
So much of modern fiction in the United States is autobiographical, and so much of the auto-biography fictionalized, that the  (misapprehensions) sometimes seem largely (uncorrected) .

Robin's words were not without emotion: they retained their level tone only by a careful  (equipoise between)  imminent extremes.
Robin's words were not without emotion: they retained their level tone only by a careful  (embrace of)  imminent extremes.
Robin's words were not without emotion: they retained their level tone only by a careful  (oscillation between)  imminent extremes.
Robin's words were not without emotion: they retained their level tone only by a careful  (limitation to)  imminent extremes.
Robin's words were not without emotion: they retained their level tone only by a careful  (Subjection to)  imminent extremes.

That she seemed to prefer  (preparation)  to concentrated effort is undeniable; nevertheless, the impressive quality of her finished paintings suggests that her actual relationship to her art was anything but (passionate) .
That she seemed to prefer  (artfulness)  to concentrated effort is undeniable; nevertheless, the impressive quality of her finished paintings suggests that her actual relationship to her art was anything but (disengaged) .
That she seemed to prefer  (dabbling)  to concentrated effort is undeniable; nevertheless, the impressive quality of her finished paintings suggests that her actual relationship to her art was anything but (superficial) .
That she seemed to prefer  (caprice)  to concentrated effort is undeniable; nevertheless, the impressive quality of her finished paintings suggests that her actual relationship to her art was anything but (considered) .
That she seemed to prefer  (indecision)  to concentrated effort is undeniable; nevertheless, the impressive quality of her finished paintings suggests that her actual relationship to her art was anything but (lighthearted) .

Because of the excellent preservation of the fossil, anatomical details of early horseshoe crabs were  (scrutinized)  for the first time, enabling experts to  (ensure)  the evolution of the horseshoe crab.
Because of the excellent preservation of the fossil, anatomical details of early horseshoe crabs were  (verified)  for the first time, enabling experts to  (advance)  the evolution of the horseshoe crab.
Because of the excellent preservation of the fossil, anatomical details of early horseshoe crabs were  (identified)  for the first time, enabling experts to  (distort)  the evolution of the horseshoe crab.
Because of the excellent preservation of the fossil, anatomical details of early horseshoe crabs were  (obscured)  for the first time, enabling experts to  (illustrate)  the evolution of the horseshoe crab.
Because of the excellent preservation of the fossil, anatomical details of early horseshoe crabs were  (clarified)  for the first time, enabling experts to  (reassess)  the evolution of the horseshoe crab.

The philosopher claimed that a person who must consciously  (feign)  his or her own indifference before helping another is behaving more nobly than one whose basic disposition allows such an act to be performed without (enthusiasm) .
The philosopher claimed that a person who must consciously  (censure)  his or her own indifference before helping another is behaving more nobly than one whose basic disposition allows such an act to be performed without (comment) .
The philosopher claimed that a person who must consciously  (embrace)  his or her own indifference before helping another is behaving more nobly than one whose basic disposition allows such an act to be performed without (duplicity) .
The philosopher claimed that a person who must consciously  (suffer)  his or her own indifference before helping another is behaving more nobly than one whose basic disposition allows such an act to be performed without (effort) .
The philosopher claimed that a person who must consciously  (overcome)  his or her own indifference before helping another is behaving more nobly than one whose basic disposition allows such an act to be performed without (deliberation) .

The senator's attempt to convince the public that he is not interested in running for a second term is  (futile)  given the extremely (clandestine)  fund-raising activities of his campaign committee.
The senator's attempt to convince the public that he is not interested in running for a second term is  (sincere)  given the extremely (visible)  fund-raising activities of his campaign committee.
The senator's attempt to convince the public that he is not interested in running for a second term is  (specious)  given the extremely (apathetic)  fund-raising activities of his campaign committee.
The senator's attempt to convince the public that he is not interested in running for a second term is  (disingenuous)  given the extremely (public)  fund-raising activities of his campaign committee.
The senator's attempt to convince the public that he is not interested in running for a second term is  (straightforward)  given the extremely (dubious)  fund-raising activities of his campaign committee.

Although a change in management may appear to  (hinder)  a shift in a company's fortunes, more often than not its impact is  (measurable) 
Although a change in management may appear to  (promote)  a shift in a company's fortunes, more often than not its impact is  (demonstrable) 
Although a change in management may appear to  (accelerate)  a shift in a company's fortunes, more often than not its impact is  (profound) 
Although a change in management may appear to  (betray)  a shift in a company's fortunes, more often than not its impact is  (fundamental) 
Although a change in management may appear to  (augur)  a shift in a company's fortunes, more often than not its impact is  (inconsiderable) 

The skeleton of  (a primeval)  bird that was recently discovered indicated that this ancient creature  (obscured)  today's birds in that, unlike earlier birds and unlike reptilian ancestors, it had not a tooth in its head.
The skeleton of  (a unique)  bird that was recently discovered indicated that this ancient creature  (preempted)  today's birds in that, unlike earlier birds and unlike reptilian ancestors, it had not a tooth in its head.
The skeleton of  (a primitive)  bird that was recently discovered indicated that this ancient creature  (anticipated)  today's birds in that, unlike earlier birds and unlike reptilian ancestors, it had not a tooth in its head.
The skeleton of  (a contemporary)  bird that was recently discovered indicated that this ancient creature  (foreshadowed)  today's birds in that, unlike earlier birds and unlike reptilian ancestors, it had not a tooth in its head.
The skeleton of  (an advanced)  bird that was recently discovered indicated that this ancient creature  (differed from)  today's birds in that, unlike earlier birds and unlike reptilian ancestors, it had not a tooth in its head.

While many people utilize homeopathic remedies to treat health problems, other people do not  (distrust) such alternative treatments,  (employing)  conventional medical treatments instead.
While many people utilize homeopathic remedies to treat health problems, other people do not  (embrace) such alternative treatments,  (eschewing)  conventional medical treatments instead.
While many people utilize homeopathic remedies to treat health problems, other people do not  (reject) such alternative treatments,  (envisioning)  conventional medical treatments instead.
While many people utilize homeopathic remedies to treat health problems, other people do not  (countenance) such alternative treatments,  (relying on)  conventional medical treatments instead.
While many people utilize homeopathic remedies to treat health problems, other people do not  (recommend) such alternative treatments,  (turning from)  conventional medical treatments instead.

As businesses become aware that their advertising must  (allay)  the everyday concerns of consumers, their commercials will be characterized by a greater degree of  (pessimism) .
As businesses become aware that their advertising must  (address)  the everyday concerns of consumers, their commercials will be characterized by a greater degree of  (realism) .
As businesses become aware that their advertising must  (evade)  the everyday concerns of consumers, their commercials will be characterized by a greater degree of  (.verisimilitude) .
As businesses become aware that their advertising must  (engage)  the everyday concerns of consumers, their commercials will be characterized by a greater degree of  (fancy) .
As businesses become aware that their advertising must  (change)  the everyday concerns of consumers, their commercials will be characterized by a greater degree of  (sincerity) .

Because the lawyer's methods were found to   be  (unimpeachable) , the disciplinary committee  (suspended)  his   privileges.
Because the lawyer's methods were found to   be  (ingenious) , the disciplinary committee  (withdrew)  his   privileges.
Because the lawyer's methods were found to   be  (questionable) , the disciplinary committee  (expanded)  his   privileges.
Because the lawyer's methods were found to   be  (unscrupulous) , the disciplinary committee  (revoked)  his   privileges.
Because the lawyer's methods were found to   be  (reprehensible) , the disciplinary committee  (augmented)  his   privileges.

People of intelligence and achievement can nonetheless be so  (devious)  and lacking in  (propensity)  that they   gamble their reputations by breaking the law to   further their own ends.
People of intelligence and achievement can nonetheless be so  (culpable)  and lacking in  (prosperity)  that they   gamble their reputations by breaking the law to   further their own ends.
People of intelligence and achievement can nonetheless be so  (obsequious)  and lacking in  (deference)  that they   gamble their reputations by breaking the law to   further their own ends.
People of intelligence and achievement can nonetheless be so  (truculent)  and lacking in  (independence)  that they   gamble their reputations by breaking the law to   further their own ends.
People of intelligence and achievement can nonetheless be so  (greedy)  and lacking in  (integrity honest)  that they   gamble their reputations by breaking the law to   further their own ends.

A number of scientists have published articles    (debunking)  global warming, stating  (categorically definitely true or false)  that there   is no solid scientific evidence to support the   theory that the Earth is warming because of   increases in greenhouse gases.
A number of scientists have published articles    (rejecting)  global warming, stating  (paradoxically)  that there   is no solid scientific evidence to support the   theory that the Earth is warming because of   increases in greenhouse gases.
A number of scientists have published articles    (deploring)  global warming, stating  (optimistically)  that there   is no solid scientific evidence to support the   theory that the Earth is warming because of   increases in greenhouse gases.
A number of scientists have published articles    (dismissing)  global warming, stating  (hesitantly)  that there   is no solid scientific evidence to support the   theory that the Earth is warming because of   increases in greenhouse gases.
A number of scientists have published articles    (proving)  global warming, stating  (candidly)  that there   is no solid scientific evidence to support the   theory that the Earth is warming because of   increases in greenhouse gases.

The senator's attempt to convince the public that   she is not interested in running for a second term   is as  (biased)  as her opponent's attempt to disguise   his intention to run against her.
The senator's attempt to convince the public that   she is not interested in running for a second term   is as  (unsuccessful)  as her opponent's attempt to disguise   his intention to run against her.
The senator's attempt to convince the public that   she is not interested in running for a second term   is as  (inadvertent)  as her opponent's attempt to disguise   his intention to run against her.
The senator's attempt to convince the public that   she is not interested in running for a second term   is as  (indecisive)  as her opponent's attempt to disguise   his intention to run against her.
The senator's attempt to convince the public that   she is not interested in running for a second term   is as  (remote)  as her opponent's attempt to disguise   his intention to run against her.

MacCrory's conversation was  (scintillating) : she could   never tell a story, chiefly because she always   forgot it, and she was never guilty of a witticism,   unless by accident.
MacCrory's conversation was  (unambiguous) : she could   never tell a story, chiefly because she always   forgot it, and she was never guilty of a witticism,   unless by accident.
MacCrory's conversation was  (perspicuous) : she could   never tell a story, chiefly because she always   forgot it, and she was never guilty of a witticism,   unless by accident.
MacCrory's conversation was  (stultifying) : she could   never tell a story, chiefly because she always   forgot it, and she was never guilty of a witticism,   unless by accident.
MacCrory's conversation was  (facetious) : she could   never tell a story, chiefly because she always   forgot it, and she was never guilty of a witticism,   unless by accident.

Despite its many  (detractors) , the whole-language   philosophy of teaching reading continues to   gain  (notoriety)  among educators.
Despite its many  (adherents) , the whole-language   philosophy of teaching reading continues to   gain  (prevalence)  among educators.
Despite its many  (critics) , the whole-language   philosophy of teaching reading continues to   gain  (currency)  among educators.
Despite its many  (enthusiasts) , the whole-language   philosophy of teaching reading continues to   gain  (popularity)  among educators.
Despite its many  (practitioners) , the whole-language   philosophy of teaching reading continues to   gain  (credibility)  among educators.

That she was  (attracted to)  rock climbing did not diminish her  (eagerness) to join her friends on a rock-climbing expedition.
That she was  (timid about)  rock climbing did not diminish her  (reluctance) to join her friends on a rock-climbing expedition.
That she was  (fearful of)  rock climbing did not diminish her  (determination) to join her friends on a rock-climbing expedition.
That she was  (curious about)  rock climbing did not diminish her  (aspiration) to join her friends on a rock-climbing expedition.
That she was  (knowledgeable about)  rock climbing did not diminish her  (hope) to join her friends on a rock-climbing expedition.

Data concerning the effects on a small population of high concentrations of a potentially hazardous chemical are frequently used to  (verify)  the effects on a large population of lower amounts of the same chemical.
Data concerning the effects on a small population of high concentrations of a potentially hazardous chemical are frequently used to  (redress)  the effects on a large population of lower amounts of the same chemical.
Data concerning the effects on a small population of high concentrations of a potentially hazardous chemical are frequently used to  (predict)  the effects on a large population of lower amounts of the same chemical.
Data concerning the effects on a small population of high concentrations of a potentially hazardous chemical are frequently used to  (realize)  the effects on a large population of lower amounts of the same chemical.
Data concerning the effects on a small population of high concentrations of a potentially hazardous chemical are frequently used to  (augment)  the effects on a large population of lower amounts of the same chemical.

Conceptually, it is hard to reconcile a defense attorney's  (efforts)  to ensure that false testimony is not knowingly put forward with the attorney's mandate to mount the most  (cautious)  defense conceivable for the client.
Conceptually, it is hard to reconcile a defense attorney's  (duty)  to ensure that false testimony is not knowingly put forward with the attorney's mandate to mount the most  (powerful)  defense conceivable for the client.
Conceptually, it is hard to reconcile a defense attorney's  (inability)  to ensure that false testimony is not knowingly put forward with the attorney's mandate to mount the most  (eloquent)  defense conceivable for the client.
Conceptually, it is hard to reconcile a defense attorney's  (failure)  to ensure that false testimony is not knowingly put forward with the attorney's mandate to mount the most  (diversified)  defense conceivable for the client.
Conceptually, it is hard to reconcile a defense attorney's  (promises)  to ensure that false testimony is not knowingly put forward with the attorney's mandate to mount the most  (informed)  defense conceivable for the client.

The term "modern" has always been used broadly by historians, and recent reports indicate that its meaning has become more  (precise)  than ever.
The term "modern" has always been used broadly by historians, and recent reports indicate that its meaning has become more  (pejorative)  than ever.
The term "modern" has always been used broadly by historians, and recent reports indicate that its meaning has become more  (revisionist)  than ever.
The term "modern" has always been used broadly by historians, and recent reports indicate that its meaning has become more  (acceptable)  than ever.
The term "modern" has always been used broadly by historians, and recent reports indicate that its meaning has become more  (amorphous)  than ever.

He would  (brook)  no argument, and to this end he enjoined us to  (silence) .
He would  (acknowledge)  no argument, and to this end he enjoined us to  (neglect) .
He would  (broach)  no argument, and to this end he enjoined us to  (abstinence) .
He would  (fathom)  no argument, and to this end he enjoined us to  (secrecy) .
He would  (tolerate)  no argument, and to this end he enjoined us to  (defiance) .

Originally, most intellectual criticism of mass culture was  (unpredictable)  in character, being based on the assumption that the wider the appeal, the more  (undesirable)  the product.
Originally, most intellectual criticism of mass culture was  (ironic)  in character, being based on the assumption that the wider the appeal, the more  (popular)  the product.
Originally, most intellectual criticism of mass culture was  (extreme)  in character, being based on the assumption that the wider the appeal, the more  (outlandish)  the product.
Originally, most intellectual criticism of mass culture was  (frivolous)  in character, being based on the assumption that the wider the appeal, the more  (superfluous)  the product.
Originally, most intellectual criticism of mass culture was  (negative)  in character, being based on the assumption that the wider the appeal, the more  (shoddy)  the product.

Surprisingly, given the dearth of rain that fell on the com crop, the yield of the harvest was  (inadequate) ; consequently, the corn reserves of the country have not been  (replenished) .
Surprisingly, given the dearth of rain that fell on the com crop, the yield of the harvest was  (encouraging) ; consequently, the corn reserves of the country have not been  (depleted) .
Surprisingly, given the dearth of rain that fell on the com crop, the yield of the harvest was  (compromised) ; consequently, the corn reserves of the country have not been  (salvaged) .
Surprisingly, given the dearth of rain that fell on the com crop, the yield of the harvest was  (abundant) ; consequently, the corn reserves of the country have not been  (extended) .
Surprisingly, given the dearth of rain that fell on the com crop, the yield of the harvest was  (disappointing) ; consequently, the corn reserves of the country have not been  (harmed) .

 Although she gives badly  (exotic)  titles to her musical compositions, they  (belie)  unusual combinations of materials including Gregorian chant, Asian scale patterns and rhythms, electronic sounds, and bird songs. 
 Although she gives badly  (eccentric)  titles to her musical compositions, they  (deploy)  unusual combinations of materials including Gregorian chant, Asian scale patterns and rhythms, electronic sounds, and bird songs. 
 Although she gives badly  (traditional)  titles to her musical compositions, they  (exclude)  unusual combinations of materials including Gregorian chant, Asian scale patterns and rhythms, electronic sounds, and bird songs. 
 Although she gives badly  (imaginative)  titles to her musical compositions, they  (disguise)  unusual combinations of materials including Gregorian chant, Asian scale patterns and rhythms, electronic sounds, and bird songs. 
 Although she gives badly  (conventional)  titles to her musical compositions, they  (incorporate)  unusual combinations of materials including Gregorian chant, Asian scale patterns and rhythms, electronic sounds, and bird songs. 

 Even though the folktales Perroult collected and retold were not solely French in origin, his versions of them were so decidedly French in style that later anthologizes of French folktales have never  (excluded)  them. 
 Even though the folktales Perroult collected and retold were not solely French in origin, his versions of them were so decidedly French in style that later anthologizes of French folktales have never  (admired)  them. 
 Even though the folktales Perroult collected and retold were not solely French in origin, his versions of them were so decidedly French in style that later anthologizes of French folktales have never  (collected)  them. 
 Even though the folktales Perroult collected and retold were not solely French in origin, his versions of them were so decidedly French in style that later anthologizes of French folktales have never  (promoted)  them. 
 Even though the folktales Perroult collected and retold were not solely French in origin, his versions of them were so decidedly French in style that later anthologizes of French folktales have never  (comprehended)  them. 

 In arguing against assertions that environmental catastrophe is imminent, her book does not ridicule all predictions of doom but rather claims that the risks of harm have in many cases been  (exaggerated) . 
 In arguing against assertions that environmental catastrophe is imminent, her book does not ridicule all predictions of doom but rather claims that the risks of harm have in many cases been  (ignored) . 
 In arguing against assertions that environmental catastrophe is imminent, her book does not ridicule all predictions of doom but rather claims that the risks of harm have in many cases been  (scrutinized) . 
 In arguing against assertions that environmental catastrophe is imminent, her book does not ridicule all predictions of doom but rather claims that the risks of harm have in many cases been  (derided) . 
 In arguing against assertions that environmental catastrophe is imminent, her book does not ridicule all predictions of doom but rather claims that the risks of harm have in many cases been  (increased) . 

 There seems to be no  (quenching)  the reading public's thirst for books about the 1960's: indeed, the normal level of interest has  (moderated)  recently be cause of a spate of popular television documentaries. 
 There seems to be no  (whetting)  the reading public's thirst for books about the 1960's: indeed, the normal level of interest has  (mushroomed)  recently be cause of a spate of popular television documentaries. 
 There seems to be no  (curtailing)  the reading public's thirst for books about the 1960's: indeed, the normal level of interest has  (warned)  recently be cause of a spate of popular television documentaries. 
 There seems to be no  (ignoring)  the reading public's thirst for books about the 1960's: indeed, the normal level of interest has  (transformed)  recently be cause of a spate of popular television documentaries. 
 There seems to be no  (slaking)  the reading public's thirst for books about the 1960's: indeed, the normal level of interest has  (increased)  recently be cause of a spate of popular television documentaries. 

Despite a tendency to be overtly  (diverting) , the poetry of the Middle Ages often sparks the imagination and provides lively entertainment, as well as pious sentiments. 
Despite a tendency to be overtly  (emotional) , the poetry of the Middle Ages often sparks the imagination and provides lively entertainment, as well as pious sentiments. 
Despite a tendency to be overtly  (didactic) , the poetry of the Middle Ages often sparks the imagination and provides lively entertainment, as well as pious sentiments. 
Despite a tendency to be overtly  (romantic) , the poetry of the Middle Ages often sparks the imagination and provides lively entertainment, as well as pious sentiments. 
Despite a tendency to be overtly  (whimsical) , the poetry of the Middle Ages often sparks the imagination and provides lively entertainment, as well as pious sentiments. 

 One of the first  (reformers)  of reduced burning in Amazon rain forests was the chestnut industry: smoke tends to drive out the insect that, by pollinating chestnut tree, allow chestnuts to develop. 
 One of the first  (discoveries)  of reduced burning in Amazon rain forests was the chestnut industry: smoke tends to drive out the insect that, by pollinating chestnut tree, allow chestnuts to develop. 
 One of the first  (casualties)  of reduced burning in Amazon rain forests was the chestnut industry: smoke tends to drive out the insect that, by pollinating chestnut tree, allow chestnuts to develop. 
 One of the first  (critics)  of reduced burning in Amazon rain forests was the chestnut industry: smoke tends to drive out the insect that, by pollinating chestnut tree, allow chestnuts to develop. 
 One of the first  (beneficiaries)  of reduced burning in Amazon rain forests was the chestnut industry: smoke tends to drive out the insect that, by pollinating chestnut tree, allow chestnuts to develop. 

 The research committee urged the archaeologist to  (disseminate)  her claim that the tomb she has discovered was that of Alexander the Great, since her initial report has been based only on  (supposition) . 
 The research committee urged the archaeologist to  (withdraw)  her claim that the tomb she has discovered was that of Alexander the Great, since her initial report has been based only on  (evidence) . 
 The research committee urged the archaeologist to  (undercut)  her claim that the tomb she has discovered was that of Alexander the Great, since her initial report has been based only on  (caprice) . 
 The research committee urged the archaeologist to  (document)  her claim that the tomb she has discovered was that of Alexander the Great, since her initial report has been based only on  (conjecture) . 
 The research committee urged the archaeologist to  (downplay)  her claim that the tomb she has discovered was that of Alexander the Great, since her initial report has been based only on  (facts) . 

 The scientist found it puzzling that his theory encountered  (respect)  despite widespread agreement that it was (crucial)  
 The scientist found it puzzling that his theory encountered  (dismissal)  despite widespread agreement that it was (simplistic)  
 The scientist found it puzzling that his theory encountered  (skepticism)  despite widespread agreement that it was (unfathomable)  
 The scientist found it puzzling that his theory encountered  (opposition)  despite widespread agreement that it was (indisputable)  
 The scientist found it puzzling that his theory encountered  (acceptance)  despite widespread agreement that it was (comprehensive)  

 The rate at which soil can absorb water  (rises)  with continuous wetting, so the longer a  (deluge)  lasts, or the greater the rate of precipitation, the higher the percentage of water that will flow across the ground as runoff and enter stream channels. 
 The rate at which soil can absorb water  (diminishes)  with continuous wetting, so the longer a  (drought)  lasts, or the greater the rate of precipitation, the higher the percentage of water that will flow across the ground as runoff and enter stream channels. 
 The rate at which soil can absorb water  (increases)  with continuous wetting, so the longer a  (shower)  lasts, or the greater the rate of precipitation, the higher the percentage of water that will flow across the ground as runoff and enter stream channels. 
 The rate at which soil can absorb water  (decreases)  with continuous wetting, so the longer a  (rainstorm)  lasts, or the greater the rate of precipitation, the higher the percentage of water that will flow across the ground as runoff and enter stream channels. 
 The rate at which soil can absorb water  (stabilizes)  with continuous wetting, so the longer a  (thaw)  lasts, or the greater the rate of precipitation, the higher the percentage of water that will flow across the ground as runoff and enter stream channels. 

 The ideas expressed in the art historian's book are more  (compelling)  than one would expect or the basis of her rather (intriguing)  treatment of her subject in the opening pages. 
 The ideas expressed in the art historian's book are more  (accessible)  than one would expect or the basis of her rather (recondite)  treatment of her subject in the opening pages. 
 The ideas expressed in the art historian's book are more  (hidebound)  than one would expect or the basis of her rather (reactionary)  treatment of her subject in the opening pages. 
 The ideas expressed in the art historian's book are more  (insightful)  than one would expect or the basis of her rather (innovative)  treatment of her subject in the opening pages. 
 The ideas expressed in the art historian's book are more  (dispassionate)  than one would expect or the basis of her rather (evenhanded)  treatment of her subject in the opening pages. 

 The meeting on environmental issues produced  (little)  discussion but no commitment on a plan of action: the many uncertainties surrounding global climatic change and the huge cost of efforts to limit it made the policymakers  (voluble)  
 The meeting on environmental issues produced  (heated)  discussion but no commitment on a plan of action: the many uncertainties surrounding global climatic change and the huge cost of efforts to limit it made the policymakers  (contentious)  
 The meeting on environmental issues produced  (cordial)  discussion but no commitment on a plan of action: the many uncertainties surrounding global climatic change and the huge cost of efforts to limit it made the policymakers  (quarrelsome)  
 The meeting on environmental issues produced  (frustrating)  discussion but no commitment on a plan of action: the many uncertainties surrounding global climatic change and the huge cost of efforts to limit it made the policymakers  (affable)  
 The meeting on environmental issues produced  (interminable)  discussion but no commitment on a plan of action: the many uncertainties surrounding global climatic change and the huge cost of efforts to limit it made the policymakers  (businesslike)  

 Art that endures often makes an initially disturbing impact: the profound experience that such art seeks to provoke necessarily engenders a certain  (familiarity) 
 Art that endures often makes an initially disturbing impact: the profound experience that such art seeks to provoke necessarily engenders a certain  (ennui) 
 Art that endures often makes an initially disturbing impact: the profound experience that such art seeks to provoke necessarily engenders a certain  (upheaval) 
 Art that endures often makes an initially disturbing impact: the profound experience that such art seeks to provoke necessarily engenders a certain  (intimacy) 
 Art that endures often makes an initially disturbing impact: the profound experience that such art seeks to provoke necessarily engenders a certain  (tranquility) 

 The history of film reflects the  (trivialities)  inherent in the medium itself: film combines still photographs to represent continuous motion and, while seeming to present life itself, can also offer impossible and dreamlike unrealities. 
 The history of film reflects the  (biases)  inherent in the medium itself: film combines still photographs to represent continuous motion and, while seeming to present life itself, can also offer impossible and dreamlike unrealities. 
 The history of film reflects the  (constraints)  inherent in the medium itself: film combines still photographs to represent continuous motion and, while seeming to present life itself, can also offer impossible and dreamlike unrealities. 
 The history of film reflects the  (paradoxes)  inherent in the medium itself: film combines still photographs to represent continuous motion and, while seeming to present life itself, can also offer impossible and dreamlike unrealities. 
 The history of film reflects the  (liabilities)  inherent in the medium itself: film combines still photographs to represent continuous motion and, while seeming to present life itself, can also offer impossible and dreamlike unrealities. 

 The  (superlatives)  with which the politician peppers her speeches are so memorable that many people think of her as being far more  (egalitarian)  than she in fact is.
 The  (pejoratives)  with which the politician peppers her speeches are so memorable that many people think of her as being far more  (optimistic)  than she in fact is.
 The  (examples)  with which the politician peppers her speeches are so memorable that many people think of her as being far more  (soporific)  than she in fact is.
 The  (diatribes)  with which the politician peppers her speeches are so memorable that many people think of her as being far more  (censorious)  than she in fact is.
 The  (malapropisms)  with which the politician peppers her speeches are so memorable that many people think of her as being far more  (straightforward)  than she in fact is.

 Although Heron is well known for the broad comedy in the movies she has directed previously, her new film is less inclined to (understatement) : the gags are fewer and subtler.
 Although Heron is well known for the broad comedy in the movies she has directed previously, her new film is less inclined to (preciosity) : the gags are fewer and subtler.
 Although Heron is well known for the broad comedy in the movies she has directed previously, her new film is less inclined to (symbolism) : the gags are fewer and subtler.
 Although Heron is well known for the broad comedy in the movies she has directed previously, her new film is less inclined to (buffoonery) : the gags are fewer and subtler.
 Although Heron is well known for the broad comedy in the movies she has directed previously, her new film is less inclined to (melodrama) : the gags are fewer and subtler.

 Bebop's legacy is (a mixed)  one: bebop may have won jazz the right to be taken seriously as an art form, but it  (alienated)  jazz's mass audience, which turned to other forms of music such as rock and pop.
 Bebop's legacy is (a troubled)  one: bebop may have won jazz the right to be taken seriously as an art form, but it  (seduced)  jazz's mass audience, which turned to other forms of music such as rock and pop.
 Bebop's legacy is (an ambiguous)  one: bebop may have won jazz the right to be taken seriously as an art form, but it  (aggrandized)  jazz's mass audience, which turned to other forms of music such as rock and pop.
 Bebop's legacy is (a valuable)  one: bebop may have won jazz the right to be taken seriously as an art form, but it  (refined)  jazz's mass audience, which turned to other forms of music such as rock and pop.
 Bebop's legacy is (a noble)  one: bebop may have won jazz the right to be taken seriously as an art form, but it  (pleased)  jazz's mass audience, which turned to other forms of music such as rock and pop.

 The exhibition's importance lies in its (homogeneity) : curators have gathered a diverse array of significant works from many different museums.
 The exhibition's importance lies in its (sophistry) : curators have gathered a diverse array of significant works from many different museums.
 The exhibition's importance lies in its (scope) : curators have gathered a diverse array of significant works from many different museums.
 The exhibition's importance lies in its (farsightedness) : curators have gathered a diverse array of significant works from many different museums.
 The exhibition's importance lies in its (insularity) : curators have gathered a diverse array of significant works from many different museums.

 Despite the fact that the commission's report treats a vitally important topic, the report will be  (seldom)  read because its prose is so  (transparent)  that understanding it require an enormous effort.
 Despite the fact that the commission's report treats a vitally important topic, the report will be  (carefully)  read because its prose is so  (pellucid)  that understanding it require an enormous effort.
 Despite the fact that the commission's report treats a vitally important topic, the report will be  (little)  read because its prose is so  (turgid)  that understanding it require an enormous effort.
 Despite the fact that the commission's report treats a vitally important topic, the report will be  (eagerly)  read because its prose is so  (digressive)  that understanding it require an enormous effort.
 Despite the fact that the commission's report treats a vitally important topic, the report will be  (widely)  read because its prose is so  (prolix)  that understanding it require an enormous effort.

 Carleton would still rank among the great (celebrities) of nineteenth-century American art event if the circumstance of her life and career were less (obscure) than they are.
 Carleton would still rank among the great (failures) of nineteenth-century American art event if the circumstance of her life and career were less (illustrious) than they are.
 Carleton would still rank among the great (charlatans) of nineteenth-century American art event if the circumstance of her life and career were less (impeccable) than they are.
 Carleton would still rank among the great (enigmas) of nineteenth-century American art event if the circumstance of her life and career were less (mysterious) than they are.
 Carleton would still rank among the great (success) of nineteenth-century American art event if the circumstance of her life and career were less (ignominious) than they are.

 Although based on an actual event, the film lacks (conviction) : the director shuffles events, simplifies the tangle of relationships, and  (embraces) documentary truth for dramatic power.
 Although based on an actual event, the film lacks (expressiveness) : the director shuffles events, simplifies the tangle of relationships, and  (exaggerates) documentary truth for dramatic power.
 Although based on an actual event, the film lacks (verisimilitude) : the director shuffles events, simplifies the tangle of relationships, and  (sacrifices) documentary truth for dramatic power.
 Although based on an actual event, the film lacks (realism) : the director shuffles events, simplifies the tangle of relationships, and  (substitutes) documentary truth for dramatic power.
 Although based on an actual event, the film lacks (coherence) : the director shuffles events, simplifies the tangle of relationships, and  (utilizes) documentary truth for dramatic power.

 When Adolph Ochs became the publisher of The New York Times, he endowed the paper with a uniquely (abstruse) tone, avoiding the  (scholarly) editorials that characterized other major papers of the time.
 When Adolph Ochs became the publisher of The New York Times, he endowed the paper with a uniquely (dispassionate) tone, avoiding the  (shrill) editorials that characterized other major papers of the time.
 When Adolph Ochs became the publisher of The New York Times, he endowed the paper with a uniquely (argumentative) tone, avoiding the  (tendentious) editorials that characterized other major papers of the time.
 When Adolph Ochs became the publisher of The New York Times, he endowed the paper with a uniquely (whimsical) tone, avoiding the  (capricious) editorials that characterized other major papers of the time.
 When Adolph Ochs became the publisher of The New York Times, he endowed the paper with a uniquely (cosmopolitan) tone, avoiding the  (timely) editorials that characterized other major papers of the time.

 Despite the fact that the amateur runner trained rigorously for six months before the race, he failed to  (complete)  it: the course was so  (demanding)  that even professional runners struggled to finish.
 Despite the fact that the amateur runner trained rigorously for six months before the race, he failed to  (win)  it: the course was so  (manageable)  that even professional runners struggled to finish.
 Despite the fact that the amateur runner trained rigorously for six months before the race, he failed to  (master)  it: the course was so  (short)  that even professional runners struggled to finish.
 Despite the fact that the amateur runner trained rigorously for six months before the race, he failed to  (concede)  it: the course was so  (formidable)  that even professional runners struggled to finish.
 Despite the fact that the amateur runner trained rigorously for six months before the race, he failed to  (underestimate)  it: the course was so  (unusual)  that even professional runners struggled to finish.

 In linking geographically disparate people, the Internet is arguably helping millions of spontaneous communities to bloom: communities defined by common interests rather than by the accident of  (compatibility) .
 In linking geographically disparate people, the Internet is arguably helping millions of spontaneous communities to bloom: communities defined by common interests rather than by the accident of  (affluence) .
 In linking geographically disparate people, the Internet is arguably helping millions of spontaneous communities to bloom: communities defined by common interests rather than by the accident of  (reciprocity) .
 In linking geographically disparate people, the Internet is arguably helping millions of spontaneous communities to bloom: communities defined by common interests rather than by the accident of  (contemporaneousness) .
 In linking geographically disparate people, the Internet is arguably helping millions of spontaneous communities to bloom: communities defined by common interests rather than by the accident of  (proximity) .

 It is as if Woodward could not bear to leave anything out; if he had  (elaborated)  some of his material, the resulting increase in focus would have more than  (justified)  any loss in comprehensiveness.
 It is as if Woodward could not bear to leave anything out; if he had  (condensed)  some of his material, the resulting increase in focus would have more than  (exaggerated)  any loss in comprehensiveness.
 It is as if Woodward could not bear to leave anything out; if he had  (expanded)  some of his material, the resulting increase in focus would have more than  (offset)  any loss in comprehensiveness.
 It is as if Woodward could not bear to leave anything out; if he had  (edited)  some of his material, the resulting increase in focus would have more than  (pointed up)  any loss in comprehensiveness.
 It is as if Woodward could not bear to leave anything out; if he had  (pruned)  some of his material, the resulting increase in focus would have more than  (compensated for)  any loss in comprehensiveness.

  The hesitancy of many countries to embrace market reform is unfortunate, because many national success stories suggest that far from  (implementing)  such reform, countries should be eager to  (document) its benefits.
  The hesitancy of many countries to embrace market reform is unfortunate, because many national success stories suggest that far from  (pursuing)  such reform, countries should be eager to  (seek) its benefits.
  The hesitancy of many countries to embrace market reform is unfortunate, because many national success stories suggest that far from  (eschewing)  such reform, countries should be eager to  (reap) its benefits.
  The hesitancy of many countries to embrace market reform is unfortunate, because many national success stories suggest that far from  (needing)  such reform, countries should be eager to  (realize) its benefits.
  The hesitancy of many countries to embrace market reform is unfortunate, because many national success stories suggest that far from  (understanding)  such reform, countries should be eager to  (question) its benefits.

  Contemporary lawmakers' preoccupation with regulating the Internet is  (antithetical to)  the way lawmakers treated many young industries in the past; United States railroads, for instance, were in business for 60 years before the federal government  (eased)  regulations.
  Contemporary lawmakers' preoccupation with regulating the Internet is  (faithful to)  the way lawmakers treated many young industries in the past; United States railroads, for instance, were in business for 60 years before the federal government  (levied)  regulations.
  Contemporary lawmakers' preoccupation with regulating the Internet is  (reminiscent of)  the way lawmakers treated many young industries in the past; United States railroads, for instance, were in business for 60 years before the federal government  (enforced)  regulations.
  Contemporary lawmakers' preoccupation with regulating the Internet is  (in conflict with)  the way lawmakers treated many young industries in the past; United States railroads, for instance, were in business for 60 years before the federal government  (lifted)  regulations.
  Contemporary lawmakers' preoccupation with regulating the Internet is  (at odds with)  the way lawmakers treated many young industries in the past; United States railroads, for instance, were in business for 60 years before the federal government  (introduced)  regulations.

  Despite the fact that the book's title suggests (fraud) , the author is not a charlatan claiming to offer a  (critique) ; rather, her book assessed all possible treatments of certain diseases without identifying any cures. 
  Despite the fact that the book's title suggests (sincerity) , the author is not a charlatan claiming to offer a  (nostrum) ; rather, her book assessed all possible treatments of certain diseases without identifying any cures. 
  Despite the fact that the book's title suggests (hyperbole) , the author is not a charlatan claiming to offer a  (warning) ; rather, her book assessed all possible treatments of certain diseases without identifying any cures. 
  Despite the fact that the book's title suggests (expertise) , the author is not a charlatan claiming to offer a  (prescription) ; rather, her book assessed all possible treatments of certain diseases without identifying any cures. 
  Despite the fact that the book's title suggests (quackery) , the author is not a charlatan claiming to offer a  (panacea) ; rather, her book assessed all possible treatments of certain diseases without identifying any cures. 

  The profits that the corporation earns from the exclusive-supplier agreements with the universities are (inexplicable) , because the terms of agreements that they are inclined to protect the universities' interests are generally (flouted) .
  The profits that the corporation earns from the exclusive-supplier agreements with the universities are (unclear) , because the terms of agreements that they are inclined to protect the universities' interests are generally (publicized) .
  The profits that the corporation earns from the exclusive-supplier agreements with the universities are (predictable) , because the terms of agreements that they are inclined to protect the universities' interests are generally (scrutinized) .
  The profits that the corporation earns from the exclusive-supplier agreements with the universities are (declining) , because the terms of agreements that they are inclined to protect the universities' interests are generally (ignored) .
  The profits that the corporation earns from the exclusive-supplier agreements with the universities are (surprising) , because the terms of agreements that they are inclined to protect the universities' interests are generally (enforced) .

